cntt.out.xml
bolivia holds presidential and parliament elections
( afp , la paz , bolivia ) bolivia held its presidential and parliament elections today . with a higher than expected turn-out rate , voters hope the newly elected leadership can revitalize the economy , improve the people 's living standards and control the labor unrest in this poorest country in south america .
the polling stations closed at 4 p.m . ( 4 a.m . on july 1 , taipei time ) . the polling staff said that the results of the elections will be released within two hours .
earlier , the bolivian president and candidates in the elections , citing brazil 's championship at the world cup soccer tournament , encouraged the public to actively participate in the elections even though every bolivian who has reached the voting age is required by the federal law to vote .
the bolivian president quiroga , whose term soon expires , said : " the brazilian team defeated the german team 2-0 in yokohama ; we the bolivians must defeat those who do not come out to vote . "
30,000 soldiers and police on duty nationwide were ordered to ban sales of alcoholic drinks and mass gatherings on the election day . yet , as the news of the neighboring brazil winning the fifth championship at world cup soccer tournament reached here this morning , bolivians were equally overjoyed and indulged themselves in revelry , making the ban practically unenforceable by the soldiers and police .
the organization of american states has sent 50 observers to monitor the fifth general election since bolivia restored its democratic rule .
government officials said that the border has been closed so as to prevent any election frauds .
eleven candidates from different political parties ran for the presidency . as it is estimated that nobody would obtain the absolute majority required to win the election , the authorities have planned to hold a run-off on august 4 .
south korean general claims its navy exercises restraints at sea battle to avert an all-out war
( afp , seoul ) lee nam-shin , south korea 's chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said to the members of parliament that south korean navy exercised restraints in the gunbattle between south and north koreas in the yellow sea to avert a full-scale war .
lee nam-shin also apologized at the emergency meeting of the parliamentary national security council for south korean navy 's failure to sink the north korean patrol boat .
national security council held an emergency meeting a few hours after a naval clash between south and north koreas broke out on the 29th in the yellow sea .
during the sea battle , a south korean patrol boat hit by a north korean patrol boat sank as it was being towed back .
according to the latest release of casualties , four sailors of south korea 's navy were killed , one is missing and 19 were wounded .
lee nam-shin said at the emergency meeting of national security council : " our side has maintained self-restraints to prevent a small-scale clash from escalating into an all-out war in the korean peninsula .
we are sorry for this military loss , yet we will win next time . "
the sea clash that lasted 20 minutes took place right before the world cup soccer tournament was about to close .
south and north koreas blamed each other for provoking the clash .
seoul demanded an apology from pyongyang , while north korea accused south korea of firing the first shot .
individual talent dazzles at the world cup
( afp , yokohama ) a rigorously-disciplined teamwork may have been the hallmark of many representative teams at this world cup soccer tournament , however , it is the individual talent of the brazilian players that eventually won them the championship .
solid teamwork in tandem with athletic prowess is what has enabled teams from south korea , denmark , the united states , sweden and turkey to distinguish themselves by successfully defeating their potentially superior opponents all the way through .
however , when the german team met the brazilians headed by ronaldo in the final yesterday , they found that there was a limit to what organization and team efficiency could do , whereras the tradition of the brazilian team , namely , the creative inborn talent for soccer , held matchless superiority .
roxburgh , former england 's team manager and current uefa technical director , said : " many teams try to reduce risks through discipline and organization .
however , the brazilian team 's style is just the opposite . they are willing to take high risks and will leave no stone unturned in their offensive to win the game . "
germany 's economy in 2nd quarter this year expected to grow by over 0.5%
( afp , berlin ) economy ministry said today that germany , as the biggest economy in the eurozone of 12 nations , has seen an accelerated economic recovery in the 2nd quarter this year , and the gdp is estimated to grow by more than 0.5% over the previous quarter .
economy ministry stated in the latest issue of " economic facts " posted on its website : " as the economy started to recover significantly this spring , summer will see an even bigger growth . "
economic activities " are gradually gaining momentum to further expand to more and more industrial sectors . "
from april to june , germany 's economic growth was expected to speed up and could show an increase of over 0.5% after seasonal adjustment as compared with the 1st quarter .
economy ministry estimates that germany 's gdp in the 2nd quarter this year increased about 0.75% over the same period last year .
the official gdp was calculated by the federal statistics bureau based in wiesbaden .
the bureau is not expected to release the growth figures for the 2nd quarter until august 22 .
although germany 's economy for the first three months of this year grew only 0.2% over the preceding quarter , it was actually an increase of 1.2% over the same period last year .
economy ministry estimated today that exports will remain the major driving force behind the economic growth .
it said that following an increase of 5% in the 1st quarter this year , exports have continued to grow , and are picking up momentum .
in the meantime , said economy ministry , the domestic demand is also on the rebound . the increase in orders , especially in domestic orders in germany , coupled with an ever-thriving business scene , indicates that the economy will see an accelerated growth .
the inflation has eased off ; the interest rate remains low ; and the oil price has dropped . positive progress is seen in the entire world as well as in europe .
creditor bank takes over hynix 's board of directors in south korea
( afp , seoul ) south korea 's hynix executives indicated that hynix semiconductor has formed a new board of directors led by its creditor bank so as to reorganize the struggling hynix 's chip business .
hynix announced today that a board of directors composed of nine members will be led by two executive officers , woo eui-je , former president of korea exchange bank , a hynix creditor bank , and park sang-ho , the current hynix executive officer .
after hynix 's board of directors rejected the sale of hynix 's memory chip business to its us rival micron technology , inc . in april this year , the creditor who has acquired 81% of hynix 's equity has arranged the aforementioned common leadership system .
chung hyung-ryang , former ceo of south korea exchange bank , was appointed as the new cfo of hynix .
a hynix spokesperson said that the new board of directors includes three directors from inside hynix itself and six outsiders .
the board of directors has agreed to win the support of shareholders to amend the company 's charter and enhance minor shareholders ' collective voting rights on major business management issues .
hynix 's debt is estimated to reach 9 trillion south korean won ( 7.5-billion us dollars ) .
south korea 's ministry of finance and economy insists that hynix can continue to survive only if it sells its memory chip business .
however , shin kook-hwan , an official from south korea 's ministry of industrial resources , supported hynix 's plan for self-survival last week .
hynix 's labor union consistently holds that hynix must maintain its independence and retain its dram business with financing from the creditor bank .
us-based aids healthcare foundation sues glaxosmithkline for monopoly
( afp , los angeles ) the us-based aids healthcare foundation said that it has filed a lawsuit with los angeles district court against the british pharmaceutical firm glaxosmithkline on charges of suspected monopoly in an effort to break the pharmaceutical firm 's monopolistic hold on key aids drugs within the united states , but gsk denied any misconduct .
ahf said that it challenges gsk 's " exclusive " rights to antiviral drugs azt , ziagen and 3tc . the foundation at the same time will demand that it have the right to set the prices of these drugs above the " competitive rates . "
the foundation pointed out in a statement that gsk controls about 40% of the us aids drug market .
weinstein , president of the foundation , pointed out in a statement : " they lied to the patent office in the 1980s , claiming they had discovered azt drug 's ability to treat aids , and by doing so , they secured their exclusive right to manufacture the drug .
this type of drug was actually developed with the us federal assistance in the 1960s and was not tested for hiv use until the 1980s by the national institute of health of the united states , but gsk , after securing the azt patent in the 1980s , locked other competitors out . "
weinstein said : " they then priced azt at thirty-two times the cost of manufacture and have repeated the practice ever since whenever a new aids drug comes out . "
ahf said that it will sue for damages caused by gsk 's artificially inflated prices on such drugs as azt , ziagen and 3tc .
the agency has suffered severe financial losses due to its purchase of large quantity of the above drugs from gsk to provide care to uninsured hiv  aids-inflicted patients .
however , the gsk spokeswoman said that us court of appeals for the federal circuit has long reviewed the patent right of azt and ruled the validity of this patent .
musharraf says bin laden not in pakistan
( afp , islamabad ) pakistani president musharraf refuted the speculation that osama bin laden is currently hiding in pakistan , though his military government appealed to the general public for assistance in hunting down bin laden and his followers .
musharraf said the al qaeda leader , who allegedly masterminded the sept . 11 terrorist attacks on the united states last year , may very likely have died already .
musharraf told reporters here : " i doubt he is still alive . if he is , he can not be in pakistan . "
however , he said that some of al qaeda members could be hiding in the tribal areas of pakistan bordering on afghanistan .
musharraf said , it is " almost impossible " for bin laden to hide in the tribal areas adjacent to afghanistan " without being discovered " because his movement is surely accompanied by a large security entourage .
the day before musharraf made the above remark , the pakistani ministry of interior openly appealed to the public for assistance in capturing bin laden and his 17 followers - - - the pakistani ministry of interior is currently stepping up its operations against fundamentalists supporting the al qaeda network .
yesterday the pakistani ministry of interior ran an ad with photos of bin laden , his chief aide zawahiri and 16 al qaeda militants in urdu newspapers in karachi , giving rise to strong speculations that the pakistani authorities know bin laden is hiding inside pakistan .
chilean supreme court rules pinochet mentally incompetent
( afp , santiago ) after the supreme court ruled that the former chilean dictator pinochet is mentally incompetent and unfit for trial , the aging pinochet may never have to face the various charges of human rights violation during his 17 - year rule .
the supreme court 's 4-1 ruling ended the two-year prosecution to bring the 86-year-old pinochet to trial for his charged crimes . the retired general was involved in dispatching a military squad called " death caravan " to assassinate his political opponents .
the prosecuting lawyers said that they would continue their efforts to bring to justice other suspects who participated in the assassination operation , but they noted that the supreme court 's ruling may affect their prosecution of pinochet in other cases .
attorney gutierrez pointed out that the closing of the case of " death caravan " is not due to the lack of evidence but due to the defendant 's lack of mental competency .
he said : " this means that pinochet is not exonerated , nor deemed innocent or that his case has been rejected for lack of evidence , but rather that he is unfit for trial due to his mental disease . "
pinochet took power following a bloody coup in september 1973 in chile .
he was accused of dispatching a squad to carry out summary executions of opposition leaders in various parts of the country . a total of 75 people were assassinated .
two jets collided in southern germany ; at least 95 dead
( afp , stuttgart , germany ) the german police said earlier today that a boeing 757 cargo plane and a tupolev 154 passenger jet collided in midair over southern germany late last night , killing at least 95 people .
the bashkirian airlines tu-154 took off in moscow for barcelona and once stopped on its way at munich in southern germany , carrying 93 people on board .
on the other hand , the dhl 's boeing 757 cargo plane took off in bahrein for brussels by way of bergamo in northern italy , carrying only cargoes besides the two crew members .
the two planes collided in midair at an altitude of about 11,000 meters over lake constance shortly after 11:30 p.m . last night ( 5:30 a.m . on the 2nd , taipei time ) .
the rescue workers and firemen have arrived at the scene , said the police , they have boarded helicopters and searched the northern part of �b erlingen .
the wreckage of the planes was scattered over a range of several kilometers , said the police , the burning wreckage falling from the sky destroyed several houses , a farm and a school .
according to the preliminary police report , three bodies have been found .
eye-witnesses reported hearing loud explosions and seeing the burning wreckage falling to the ground .
the captain of a ferry boat who works on lake constance said : " the night sky suddenly lit up ,
as if the sky were on fire . "
most planes of the bashkirian airlines are tupolev 154s . it is the national flag carrier in the republic of bashkortostan of the russian federation .
us financial woes threaten asian manufacturers and exporters
( afp , tokyo ) courtis , vice-chairman for asian branch of the us goldman sachs investment bank , said that the financial woes the united states has been long failed to solve have cast a dark shadow over the asian manufacturers and exporters .
the current crisis may signal an end of efforts in the past few decades to control inflation .
courtis , a tokyo-based economist , told afp that japan , south korea and other asian exporting countries are the main beneficiaries of the global fight against inflation and they will surely be adversely affected once a new economic paradigm prevails .
courtis pointed out that the us economic model during the 1990s depended upon reduction of budget deficit and public debt , the worldwide confidence in us firms , geopolitical stability , transparency and the productivity gains derived from free trade .
speaking about the financial activities under the bush administration , courtis said : " in the bear market under the bush administration , all these conditions have changed . "
courtis said , the sept . 11 terrorist attacks , the resurgence of public debt , the bursting of highly speculative dotcom bubble , the protectionist measures on steel , lumber and agricultural exports and a series of high-profile corporate scandals , have changed the economic situation in the united states .
" investors no longer have confidence . they have withdrawn their money from the us stock markets and dumped their us dollars . "
if inflation occurs again in the united states , the trade condition will turn to benefit the major producers of raw materials and commodities - - - russia , australia , canada , south africa , the persian gulf countries and the united states itself .
losers will be the asian manufacturers , japan , in particular . europe , which exports capital and imports raw materials , will also be affected .
courtis said , the depreciation of the us dollars in 1979 led to the opec 's threat of pricing in german mark .
this time , they decided to price in euro that enjoys a better credibility .
courtis said : " the euro has become a strong rival for the us dollar . "
fda rules nicotine water as drug and should be subject to regulation
( afp , washington ) the us fda ruled today that a type of " nicotine water " used to help smokers reduce tobacco consumption is classified as drug and is prohibited from sales before it is subject to proper regulations .
a few weeks after a bottled beverage containing tobacco ingredient named " nicowater " was marketed as an aid to reduce tobacco consumption for heavy smokers , the us fda decided to list this " nicotine water " as drug .
fda said in a statement that after receiving citizen 's petition , the agency decided to list " nicowater " as an unapproved new drug and will legally ban its sales as daily drinks in the market .
fda said that the nicotine water contains active nicotine and " does not fit the definition of a daily dietary supplement . "
crawford , deputy director of fda , said : " fda 's decision demonstrates our commitment to protecting consumers from being harmed by drugs not rigorously reviewed . "
several organizations , including the national center for tobacco-free kids , the american medical association and the american lung association , demanded that the fda actively regulate this kind of product .
fda said , the nicotine water is " an unapproved drug , because it is a drug intended to treat smoking addiction or reduce the amount of smoking by smokers . "
fda said , companies that intend to market nicotine water should submit a new drug application to the agency for review .
the california-based qt5 , inc . that owns the patent of nicotine water said that as a supplement , nicotine water does not need fda approval .
myers , president of the campaign for tobacco-free kids , said that the ruling set a precedent for anti-smoking campaign , giving fda the chance to review and list the controversially regulated tobacco as drug .
myers said , fda should also regulate other traditional alternatives to cigarettes such as the candy-like tobacco lozenge .
afghan foreign minister believes bin laden and omar still alive
( afp , kabul ) afghan foreign minister abdullah said on tuesday that the chief suspect of the terrorist attacks , osama bin laden , and the fugitive taliban leader , omar , are still alive , though there is still no information on their whereabouts .
abdullah said at a press conference held in kabul : " as far as we know , osama bin laden and his friend omar are unfortunately still alive . "
he said , afghan authorities have not got any " definitive " intelligence on these two fugitives .
omar was the leader of the collapsed taliban regime . he is believed to be hiding in the mountainous region of uruzgan province in central afghanistan . us warplanes bombed the area last weekend , leaving 40 civilians dead and 120 injured .
the place bombed was a remote village in uruzgan where a wedding was being held .
abdullah condemned the raid as " inappropriate . "
he said that a military operation to eradicate bin laden and omar should not come at the sacrifice of afghan civilians .
local officials said that us special forces were also hunting down omar in the area .
prior to abdullah 's remark that bin laden is still alive , pakistani president musharraf just said on monday that bin laden might have already died .
musharraf said on monday at a press conference in islamabad : " i doubt he ( bin laden ) is still alive , even if he is , he can not be in pakistan . "
bush firmly opposed to international criminal court
( afp , milwaukee , wisconsin ) us president bush said today that he hopes " to resolve " the impasse with the un on the issue of the new international criminal court , but he still refuses to join the court .
bush said during a brief visit to milwaukee : " i am trying to work out the impasse with the un .
however , one thing we wo n't do is to sign a treaty to establish the international criminal court . "
washington vetoed on the 30th the restoration of the un peacekeeping troops in bosnia to demonstrate its concern that the icc may be used to prosecute the us troops or officials on politically motivated charges .
the bush administration later softened its attitude and agreed to extend the peacekeeping mission by 72 hours till the midnight of the 3rd ( 12:00 , on the 4th , taipei time ) .
on july 1 , the world 's first permanent court for war crimes was officially established in the hague . its mission is to bring to justice those criminals who violate human rights .
bush said , he will not propose to the us senate the treaty establishing the court so as to seek its approval because " it 's very troubling to me that our diplomats and soldiers may be prosecuted by this court while the united states is making efforts to bring the world peace . "
biden , the democratic senator of the senate foreign relations committee , said today that europe must " be more sensitive " in protecting the american servicemen from " pointless prosecution , " but he said using the veto power is a stupid tactic .
he said in a statement : " it may make it impossible for the critical peacekeeping and police training missions in bosnia and the un operations in other areas to proceed .
it also undermines our fundamental goal - - - to achieve permanent security in the balkan peninsula as well as other disputed areas in the world . "
white house spokesman fleischer told the reporters travelling with president bush that the united states " will absolutely not " use this as a pretext to shortchange its international peacekeeping commitment .
fossett completes his epic voyage of solo circumnavigation of earth in a hot air balloon
( afp , st . louis , missouri ) the us adventurer fossett successfully completed today ( on the 2nd ) his epic voyage of solo circumnavigation of the earth in a hot air balloon , but he is not yet ready to celebrate .
the 58-year-old billionaire was talking with excitement on the phone with his ground control center about his completion of the round-the-earth flight .
he said , however , that he will celebrate this achievement with some of his friends later .
fossett said via the satellite phone : " i ca n't describe how i am feeling at the moment . i am just too happy . "
" i ca n't have a grand celebration right now . though i have a few bottles of beer , i 'll save them for landing because there is nobody here to share them with me . "
fossett crossed the imaginary " finish line " in western australia at 13:38 on the 2nd , greenwich time ( 9:38 p.m . on the 2nd , taipei time ) .
two weeks ago , fossett 's hot air balloon took off from eastern northam in western australia . after a flight of 31,380 kilometers , the seasoned adventurer 's hot air balloon was aloft over his starting point at 117 east longitude .
the completion of this round-the-world mission marks the end of his personal marathon-style endeavor since his first attempt of circumnavigation of the globe in 1997 .
the last five flights all failed due to accidents .
fossett told his supporting partners at mission control center at washington university in st . louis : " over a long period in the past , i exhausted all my efforts and skills to be finally able to fulfil this wish of flight around the globe after six endeavors . i am very satisfied with this experience . "
us braces for threat of july 4 terrorist attacks
( afp , washington ) after setting up a security protection network and issuing warnings of possible terrorist attacks , the united states is planning various kinds of celebrations of the independence day . in the meantime , president bush is trying to calm a jittery american public .
bush said : " our people should celebrate heartily because we enjoy freedom , and we love freedom .
they should know the government is doing everything it can to protect the security of their homeland . "
he said , americans " should be joyous in their celebrations and celebrate the fact that we are fortunate to be americans . "
in washington , tens of thousands of american people will gather here to celebrate the national day with traditional music , parades , feasts and fireworks .
in contrast with the past , many people will be rather nervous .
this is the first celebration of the independence day in the united states since the sept . 11 when terrorists hijacked four passenger planes and used them as guided missiles to attack and destroy the world trade center and the pentagon .
the center of the event will be at the national mall across the pentagon - - - a park lawn stretching from the capitol hill to the lincoln memorial on the bank of the potomac river .
specially reinforced roadblocks , in addition to metal detectors , patrolling hounds and about two-thousand police officers , will turn the mall into a fortress .
in addition , air force combat planes will guard the no-fly zone over washington . patrol boats of the us coast guard , on the other hand , will guide recreational boats away from the riverbanks where celebrations will be held , making the best location to watch fireworks inaccessible to the public .
general election to be held in march next year , announces argentine president duhalde
( afp , buenos aires ) argentine president duhalde announced today that the general presidential election originally scheduled to be held in september 2003 will be moved up to march .
duhalde said : " we need an administration backed by the general election . "
duhalde is trying to persuade congressmen and local government leaders to support the necessary economic reforms .
it is reported that duhalde also felt frustrated that the argentine government has so far not yet reached an agreement with the imf on issuing loans of billions of us dollars to argentina as the economic recession in the country has now entered its fourth year .
duhalde said , internal primaries will be held first in november to elect presidential candidates and their election partners . one of them could be duhalde 's political foe - - the former president menem . he was the argentine president for two terms from 1989 to 1999 .
duhalde said in a brief televised address : " in 120 days , we will decide who will be the leader for the next four years .
i hope all the argentines can vote and elect a government that will represent its entire population . "
duhalde is currently serving the remaining term of the former president de la rua who stepped down after his hardline economic policies led to popular protests and bloody clashes that resulted in nearly 30 deaths .
duhalde was unanimously approved by the congress to succeed as president on january 1 this year .
us economic growth figures fail to encourage investors
( afp , washington ) even the good news of the increase in us factory orders and the stable growth in the service sector failed to encourage the worried investors , and wall street continued its downward slide .
senior economist wieting at salomon smith barney said : " many economic statistics have been released in the past two days , and nearly all the reports indicate a sound economy . "
he said , although a series of corporate fraud scandals have recently been exposed in the united states , shocking the financial market tremendously , the statistics show the us economy is still making positive progress .
the us government said that us factory orders received in june increased 0.7% over the previous month , marking the third straight month for such an increase .
in the meantime , a survey report released by ism today shows that there is also an increase in output value in the us service sector , though the pace of increase is not as fast as that in may .
the ism report shows that the economic activity index in the us monthly non-manufacturing sector slowed down to 57.2 in june from the 60.1 in may .
generally speaking , any number above 50 indicates growth in th economic activity .
however , the us stock market continues to slide .
in the wake of a series of corporate accounting scandals , including the recent worldcom 's overstating of business revenues and covering up of a loss of 3.8-billion us dollars , investors are as jittery as ever .
on wall street , dow jones industrial index plunged to 8,897.54 this morning , breaking for the first time the lowest record of 8,900 last october when the market plummeted under the impact of the sept . 11 terrorist attacks .
cohen , economic strategist for goldman sachs , said that investors are worried about many problems , from their concern of terrorist attacks to endless corporate frauds .
however , said she , the us economy has proven to be strong with its steadily growing gdp , high employee productivity , high-efficient financial policies and a sound banking system .
us treasury department takes sanctions against ikea and others doing business with hostile regimes
( afp , washington ) according to a newly published list by a financial magazine editor , the united states once penalized such business institutions as the swedish furniture giant ikea and the los angeles dodgers for doing business with the embargoed regimes .
after mokhiber , editor for the financial magazine " corporate crime reporter , " submitted an application pursuant to the us freedom of information act , the us department of the treasury handed out this document .
mokhiber published a list of 115 companies that came to the attention of the office of foreign assets control under the us department of the treasury .
it shows that ikea was fined 8,000 us dollars this may for importing rugs from the taliban-controled area of afghanistan .
mokhiber said at a press conference that an ikea spokesperson said the company had ordered rugs from some area of afghanistan outside the taliban control .
however , said he , the taliban had taken over the area when the rugs arrived in california .
these disputed rugs are now being held in a warehouse .
mokhiber 's newsletter said that in march 1999 , harper 's magazine was fined 31,000 us dollars on charge of dispatching ten people to cuba to photograph supermodels naomi campbell and kate moss .
in july 1999 , the los angeles dodgers paid 75,000 us dollars to settle the charge that the major league professional baseball team paid two cubans respectively 65,000 and 45,000 us dollars in signing bonuses .
it was also charged with holding a try-out competition in cuba .
the newsletter said that tyson foods inc . , on the other hand , was fined 150,000 us dollars in september 2001 for shipping chickens to iraq in 1996 .
johnson &amp; amp ; johnson was fined 110,000 us dollars for shipping 7.3-million us dollars ' worth of medical equipment to iraq in march 2001 .
chicago-based cna insurance cos paid the largest fine as of today , one sum of 1.3-million us dollars and another sum of 1-million us dollars . both fines involved domestic insurance contracts .
british light plane crashed in portugal ; 4 dead
( afp , lisbon ) according to the portuguese media , a british light plane crashed shortly after taking off from cascais , a coastal city 15 kilometers from lisbon . all four people on board were killed .
lusa news agency reported that the plane was en route to porto , the second largest city in portugal . twenty minutes after the plane took off at 11:53 a.m . local time ( 17:53 , on the 3rd , taipei time ) , the pilot contacted the control tower , saying that he 'd like to return to cascais due to inclement weather .
according to the private-owned sic news tv station , the portuguese air force said that when the british plane went missing , other planes also reported poor visibility in the sky .
since then , the pilot had n't had any further contact with the control tower .
fire fighters later found the wreckage of the plane on a mountain path north of lisbon .
lusa news agency said that the four people on board were all british nationals .
quoting a spokesman for the portuguese air force authorities , lusa news agency said the plane arrived in portugal from spain earlier on the 3rd as one of the 22 light planes that were carrying members of rotary club on a tour of europe .
according to sic news tv station , the plane started out from england on this tour of europe .
arroyo to serve concurrently as foreign secretary to strengthen cooperation with us in fighting terrorism
( afp , manila ) philippine president arroyo said today in her speech at the national police command that she will serve in a concurrent capacity as philippines ' foreign secretary starting from july 15 and will plan to forge a closer partnership with the united states in the global war against terrorism .
arroyo outlined her focuses in foreign policies after the philippine government announced that vice president guingona would resign from his concurrent position as foreign secretary .
guingona and arroyo had a terrible row over the deployment of 1,000 us troops in the southern philippines .
arroyo reiterated that the us military will assist manila in bringing about peace and development in the southern philippines .
arroyo said in her speech : " i am placing foreign policy at the service of our fight against homegrown terrorism , crimes and lawlessness . and all these are in the context of the 8 realities of our foreign policy environment . "
she said that these realities recognize " the paramount influence of china , japan and the united states on the security and economic evolution in east asia .
the 8 realities will shape the arroyo administration 's foreign policy . "
the us military advisors are scheduled to complete their current mission in the philippines by the end of this month , but arroyo has called for more joint military exercises aimed at fighting terrorism .
the first joint exercise focused on improving the ability of the philippine armed forces in fighting against the muslim guerrilla led by abu sayyaf .
abu sayyaf has connections with osama bin laden 's al qaeda organization .
arroyo said that another emphasis of her foreign policy is to promote direct foreign investment and international tourism . europe , the united states , japan , china and the asean are the main sources of foreign investment .
while arroyo was delivering her speech , about 50 philippine leftists demonstrated in front of the us embassy , condemning the us military deployment in the philippines and demanding the expulsion of the us troops .
asean energy ministers discuss large-scale regional gas pipeline project
( afp , jakarta ) asean energy ministers met today in bali , a resort island in indonesia , to propose an action plan for a large-scale regional gas pipeline project .
indonesian president megawati hosted the opening ceremony of the 20th asean ministers on energy meeting . in her address , she called for a correct evaluation of the energy consumption in the region so as to prepare for the ever-increasing demand .
an official from indonesian ministry of energy told afp in a phone call from bali island : " this meeting will mainly discuss the trans-asean gas pipeline ( tagp ) project . "
he said that a memorandum of understanding is expected to be signed at the closing of the meeting so as to facilitate the implementation of tagp project .
senior asean officials met to discuss an implementation plan two days ago .
the official said that at the asean energy ministers ' annual meeting , efforts to step up energy saving and conservation will also be discussed .
yusgiantoro , minister of energy and mineral resources of indonesia , said at the meeting that indonesia will soon complete a gas pipeline that transports gas to malaysia and is currently preparing to start a similar project in thailand .
last year , indonesia delivered natural gas for the first time to singapore through a 650-kilometer gas pipeline .
antara news agency quoted megawati as saying that the demand for energy may rise at a time when southeast asia emerges out of the 1997-1998 financial crisis .
at an asean ministerial meeting held in hanoi in 2000 , all the ministers agreed in principle to build a trans-asean power line system and a gas pipeline project .
diesel spill in the sea threatens ecosystem in galapagos islands
( afp , quito ) ecuadorian officials said that a fuel barge capsized and sank in heavy seas , spilling about 1,850 liters ( 500 gallons ) of diesel into the sea off the galapagos islands .
ecuadorian defense minister unda said that 90% of the leaked diesel has been contained , and authorities have sufficient equipment and manpower to " completely bring the leaked diesel under control . "
the ecuadorian navy , the galapagos national park ( gnp ) and local fishermen are working together to prevent the diesel leaked into the sea from spreading to the beaches around puerto villamil bay on isabel island .
gnp said in a statement that on the morning of the 3rd , a fuel barge moored in puerto villamil bay was pumping diesel from another oil tanker when it capsized and sank in heavy seas . the oil container with a capacity of 2,000 gallons of oil on the barge also sank into the sea ; the 500 gallons of diesel just pumped in went spilling into the sea with the container .
the spilled diesel is not bad enough to threaten the wildlife native to the galapagos islands .
the galapagos islands , located 1,000 kilometers off ecuador 's west coast , are made up of 13 islands . listed as the unique world heritage , the islands are rich in rocks and volcanoes , boasting a distinctive evolutionary pattern of the wildlife , entirely different from that in the rest of the world .
this distinctive evolution has turned the galapagos islands into a biological time capsule . the wildlife on the islands is rare and unique , not to be found in any other place of the world . for example , the giant tortoise after whose name in spanish the islands are named is the only one of a kind in the entire world .
a total of 5,000 species of animals inhabit the galapagos islands , of whom 2,000 are unique in the world .
unda said the ecuadorian government must " improve the port facilities at the galapagos islands to prevent such oil spill accidents from happening again . "
ecuadorian maritime authorities also indicated that they will start to investigate this incident in which a ship capsized and leaked oil .
un passes the extension of the mission in bosnia
( afp , un ) the un security council , mired in a deadlock over the us request of its military servicemen 's exemption from the international criminal court 's prosecution , has now passed by vote the extension of the un 's police training mission in bosnia by 12 days .
the resolution granting a brief extension was passed unanimously on wednesday when the mandate of the mission composed of over 1,536 people was due to expire in just a few hours at midnight of that day .
the un secretary general annan earlier asked the united states not to jeopardize the whole system of un peacekeeping operations because of a " highly improbable " threat to its military .
in his letter to the us secretary of state powell , annan said that he was " seriously concerned about the development in the un security council " after the united states decided to veto on sunday the extension of the said mission by six months .
greenstock , chairman of the security council , said that annan 's letter was among " a number of elements in the minds of a majority of members of the council which led them to believe the solution of the issue needs more time . "
greenstock said the related talks will resume next week .
before that , the security council will adjourn for 4 days starting thursday .
negroponte , the us ambassador to the united nations , declined to comment on the content of annan 's letter in which he said that the us proposal to break the deadlock " openly violated the treaty law , " and may eventually damage the public credibility of the security council .
however , negroponte admitted that few of the other 14 council members support the us position .
on wednesday , three diplomats indicated respectively that china is the only council member that sides with the united states .
he said : " it is hard to make the point of view we have put forward understood and accepted . "
french foreign minister brings up human rights issue when meeting with chinese officials
( afp , paris ) while meeting with the visiting chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan in paris , french foreign minister villepin told tang jiaxuan that france and its european partners consider it very important to have dialogs with china , especially on the human rights .
a spokesperson for french foreign ministry said that villepin expressed his satisfaction with china 's active participation in international affairs , including that in the un , the wto and asia .
the spokesperson added that villepin also " recalled the importance france and its eu partners emphasized of conducting dialogs with china on human rights . "
the official quoted villepin as saying that france and china hold similar positions on strategic issues , the middle east affairs , south asia affairs and many other international issues .
the european union launched the first program last december to fund non-governmental organizations in china in their projects aimed at improving the human rights in china .
eu officials told reporters that this program is unique in that the eu will be able to urge the non-governmental organizations in china to directly make proposals and decide which proposals to fund without the approval from the chinese government .
government officials in bucharest said that tang jiaxuan is scheduled to travel to romania today for a four-day official visit in an effort to promote trade relations between china and romania .
he will meet with romanian foreign minister geoana , prime minister nastase and president iliescu .
dutch queen nominates balkenende , president of christian democratic party , to form a new government
( afp , the hague ) the dutch royal household issued a statement that queen beatrix has already met with balkenende , leader of the christian democratic party , and asked him to form a new government .
balkenende 's job is to form a coalition government that includes the christian democratic party , liberal party and fortuyn party .
the christian democratic party was the biggest winner in the general election held on may 15 , claiming 43 seats in the 150-seat parliament .
the 54-year-old fortuyn , leader of fortuyn party , was a maverick in politics flaunting his anti-immigrant stance and homosexual behavior and was assassinated nine days before the general election .
it was generally anticipated that fortuyn could have achieved a major breakthrough in the general election to enter the mainstream politics .
the three parties mentioned above had talks for 35 days with donner , the christian democratic negotiator designated by queen beatrix , and reached this agreement to form a new government .
due to its election system , the netherlands has made it almost impossible for any political party to gain absolute majority and has been ruled for years by the coalition governments to which the three parties belong .
in this general election , fortuyn party won 26 seats , next only to the christian democratic party . liberal party , on the other hand , won 24 seats .
political observers indicated that the new cabinet is expected to be formed within 10 days .
fortuyn party , whose favorite slogan is " the netherlands has had enough , " waged a heated debate over the issue of immigrants in the netherlands which has led to ever-increasing discussions on the issue in the rest of entire europe .
japanese government to require banks to set profit goals
( afp , tokyo ) a key financial panel of the japanese government has decided to require major banks to set profit goals .
nikkei news said today that the economic and financial council believes that setting a profit goal will encourage loan transfers from state banks to private banks .
nikkei news said this program aims at increasing the profits of private banks so that they can receive loans from the government financial institutions .
it is part of the program to improve state banks while at the same time consolidating the financial basis of private banks .
nikkei news said : " the panel believes that when state financial institutions are well-established , small and medium-size manufacturers will not apply for loans from private banks unless these banks plan to expand their loan business . "
the newspaper said : " the panel hopes the requirement for setting and achieving the profit goals will motivate private banks to raise profit and efficiency . "
in order to achieve their profit goals , nikkei news said , banks will have to set interest rates that reflect the risk associated with borrowers ' possible default .
the newspaper noted : " the panel believes the implementation of this system will make banks offer loans to more manufacturers , which in turn will put them in a better financial position to offset bad loans . "
the report said the panel will finalize the program to implement profit goals by the end of this year .
eu believes global trade negotiations enjoy priority over europe-singapore free trade zone
( afp , singapore ) prodi , president of the european commission , said that the free trade agreement being proposed by singapore and the eu will enjoy less priority than the global trade negotiations .
at his second day 's meeting in his three-day itinerary in singapore , prodi told singapore prime minister goh choktong the eu 's priorities in sequence .
before he met goh choktong last saturday , prodi said when asked about singapore 's free trade zone by a group of screened reporters : " our ( focus ) is on the multilateral trade . "
goh choktong 's press secretary said that since the wto ministerial meeting made the decision last year in doha , capital of qatar , to hold a new round of trade negotiations , the eu has put the global trade on top of its priority list .
the secretary said : " he ( prodi ) is basically saying that the eu focuses very much on the follow-up to the doha meeting . "
however , goh choktong told prodi that europe should continue its efforts to intensify its involvement in southeast asia so as to keep abreast with the united states , china and japan .
goh choktong 's secretary said : " the prime minister said , yes , we understand your focus there , but we should continue to discuss the issue of free trade zone . . . and should try to promote this concept without distracting europe 's focus on the follow-up to the wto 's doha meeting . "
he said , prodi agreed that europe 's relations with the asean should not be affected by its efforts at the wto as the asean market covers 10 countries and 500-million people .
the secretary said : " what is important is that europe acknowledges an analysis that they should engage more actively with the asean .
now they are trying to study how to actively engage with the asean without affecting at the same time their focus on the follow-up to the doha meeting . "
hong kong government to decide on smoking ban in restaurants in next 6 months
( afp , hong kong ) hong kong government will decide on whether to ban smoking in restaurants , bars and karaoke sites in the next six months .
yang yongqiang , director of hong kong health and welfare bureau , pointed out today in a radio program that hong kong government plans to enforce an anti-smoking act .
however , yang yongqiang stressed that the relevant authorities will need more time to assess the impact of this anti-smoking act on the economy , especially on the restaurant industry .
he added , any related legislation in the future and subsequent ban will be a " major test . "
yang yongqiang said : " experiences both in hong kong and the rest of the world show that smoking ban must be carried out through different stages . we declare in principle that we will ban smoking , but we will do a comprehensive consultation before making the decision . "
hong kong government is also considering the possibility of expanding the smoking ban to karaoke sites , kindergartens , elementary and middle schools , colleges and offices so that 6.7-million hong kong residents can have a relatively clean and healthy living environment .
the government 's action has already met with opposition from the tobacco industry . some restaurants complain that the anti-smoking act would seriously affect their business .
smoking has been banned in shopping centers , department stores , banks and supermarkets in hong kong since july 1998 .
any restaurant that seats more than 200 people must assign one third of the space to non-smoking sections .
the world health organization estimates that 4.2-million people worldwide die of smoking each year .
lax shooting : gunman intends to kill , but motives not clear
( afp , los angeles ) the us fbi officials said that the arab gunman who opened fire at israel 's el al airlines ' ticket counter at los angeles international airport " had the intention to kill , " yet his motives are not identified .
special agent garcia said : " apparently , he came to the airport to kill . "
he appealed to the public for assistance in determining the motives of the egyptian immigrant hadayet 's attack on the 4th .
the fbi official added : " it is still uncertain why he did it , and this is what we will try to find out .
we are not ruling out a hate crime ; we are not ruling out terrorism completely ; and we are not ruling out either that this may be a random act of violence . "
garcia stressed that it is still uncertain whether the shooting incident at israel 's el al airlines ' ticket counter at los angeles international airport was a terrorist attack or was caused by rage or domestic factors .
he said : " we are still unable to determine whether the man held any anti-israeli or any anti-racist views .
besides terrorism , we are also looking into the possibility of a hate crime as well as whether the man was despondent due to some reasons . "
special agents are investigating whether he had any marital problems .
garcia said hadayet had no criminal record since he immigrated to the united states ten years ago . his wife and children went to egypt last week . the fbi is working with egyptian authorities to interrogate his wife .
former madagascan ruler gone to seychelles after removed from office
( afp , toamasina , madagascar ) realizing he no longer has support after a fierce seven-month power struggle with his political nemesis ravalomanana , ratsiraka , former longtime ruler of madagascar , left this indian ocean island nation today for the seychelles .
diplomatic officials said that he , together with 20 other people , including his wife , son and brothers , arrived on a private jet in victoria , capital of the seychelles which is northeast of madagascar .
a diplomat said : " he left in a hurry this morning with his family , giving the impression that he is gone for good with weapons and luggage . "
in antananarivo , ravalomanana said that ratsiraka had requested the seychelles government for permission to stay for two days .
the seychelles foreign ministry said that it has agreed to let ratsiraka pass through the territory because the seychelles is president of the commission of the indian ocean and once played " an active role in attempting to solve the political crisis in madagascar . "
ravalomanana later said that ratsiraka hopes to go to france , the former metropolitan state of madagascar .
ravalomanana told the french radio station rfi : " ratsiraka will briefly stay in the seychelles for two days and then return to paris .
i have no problems if he leaves . it is better for him to go somewhere else . "
ravalomanana also denied negotiating with his predecessor on his departure , saying : " no , i did n't negotiate with him .
it 's no good for him to remain in madagascar . "
ratsiraka left two days after france officially recognized ravalomanana as leader of madagascar , which signals an end to the dispute of these two political foes over the outcome of the presidential election in last december .
us and israel dispute over definition of " terrorism "
( afp , washington ) a rare dispute is apparently brewing between israel and its major ally , the united states , because they hold divergent views on whether the july 4 shooting at el al airlines ' ticket counter at los angeles international airport constitutes a " terrorist " act .
before the investigation is completed , the us officials have been saying , they " have no evidence " that shows the shooting is an act of terrorism . however , israeli officials insist that it is " a terrorist attack . "
a us official has confirmed that the gunman , who was shot dead by a security guard at israel 's el al airlines ' ticket counter at los angeles international airport on the 4th , was an egyptian immigrant , but he said the shooting is apparently an isolated incident .
white house spokesman fleischer said : " at this moment , there is no evidence or sign suggesting it is a terrorist attack . "
later , fbi spokesman garcia also agreed to what fleischer had said .
he said , the investigators have not found any evidence suggesting the 41-year-old hadayet was linked to terrorist organizations or held any anti-israeli views .
garcia said : " we 're still trying to determine his motives . "
he pointed out that terrorism , religion or racial hatred , personal factors and so on could all have been his motives to shoot .
however , in israel , a senior official close to sharon said : " doubtlessly , the shooting at el al airlines ' ticket counter at los angeles international airport is a terrorist attack . "
the different interpretations of the motivation behind the july 4 shooting by the united states and israel underscore the difficulty of defining " terrorism " - - - the issue has become more conspicuous after the united states was attacked on sept . 11 and after the us-led war on terror unfolded .
japanese emperor akihito and consort left for a visit to four eastern european countries
( afp , tokyo ) japanese emperor akihito and empress michiko left tokyo for a visit to four east european countries .
the imperial couple , accompanied by an entourage of about 30 people , left haneda airport in tokyo for the czech republic shortly after 11:00 a.m . ( 10:00 taipei time ) on a two-week tour .
after that , they will travel to poland , austria and hungary to meet with the presidents of these countries and the eastern european royal families .
japan 's imperial family members , including crown prince naruhito and crown princess masako , as well as prime minister junichiro koizumi , all went to the airport to see them off .
the 68-year-old akihito told them that he hopes this trip will help to strengthen japan 's friendly ties with these four countries .
it is the first time that the akihitos pay a visit to these countries .
upon arrival in prague , the imperial couple will host an event in liechtenstein palace where they are staying .
they are scheduled to meet with czech president havel on the 8th and leave for warsaw on the 9th .
ted williams , us baseball legend , dies of heart disease
( afp , inverness , illinois ) us baseball celebrity ted williams , former boston red sox star player , who underwent an open-heart surgery last year , died of heart disease at 8:49 a.m . on the 5th , us eastern standard time ( 8:49 p.m . taipei time ) at the age of 83 . president bush sent a message of condolence .
williams , who recently suffered a series of severe strokes and heart failure , was pronounced dead shortly after he was sent to the hospital .
williams set the record in baseball history when he batted . 400 in the us major league ; and he was also the greatest hitter ever in the us baseball history .
he had a pacemaker implanted in his heart in november 2000 .
he also underwent a 9-hour heart surgery in new york in january 2001 .
the baseball star , a two-time mvp award winner , made his last public appearance in baseball field in the 1999 all-star game at fenway park .
then , he was the man of the time representing all-century team .
williams ' average hitting was . 344 . he was also the last one who broke the . 400 barrier to reset the record to . 406 in 1941 .
he tied the record of 521 home runs and had the record of 1,839 rbi .
williams won triple crown twice , and was inducted into hall of fame in 1966 .
in his message of condolence in memory of williams , president bush said : " ted williams opened a brilliant page in the us baseball history as well as brought himself the best reputation . he is a man worthy of our memory by generations to come . "
vivendi may have to sell assets , says france 's societe generale
( afp , paris ) the chairman of societe generale of france , one of the main creditor banks of the french media group vivendi , said in an interview that vivendi will have to sell its assets to reduce its massive debt of 19-billion euros ( 18.5-billion us dollars ) .
bouton , chairman of societe generale of france , said in an interview with sunday magazine that vivendi 's debt is " enormous , but fortunately it has not exceeded the total value of its assets . "
bouton went on to say : " from this perspective , we can say vivendi is still healthy .
however , the new president must change the company 's financial structure promptly and start selling off its assets . "
the three major creditor banks , societe generale of france , bnp paribas , and deutsche bank , made loans to the financially troubled vivendi media group to assist it in its difficulties .
on the 3rd , vivendi fired its ceo messier and recruited fourtou , a heavyweight in corporate france , in an effort to rejuvenate and reinvent vivendi group .
after he took office , the new ceo fourtou promised to improve the group 's liquid assets and restore investor confidence in two weeks .
vivendi shares lost nearly four fifth of their value this year .
analysts said , in a haste to sell off its assets , vivendi is mostly likely to sell its telecommunications arm cegetel , which britain 's vodafone group may be interested in acquiring .
at the same time , bouton said vivendi 's situation is in no way comparable with the us enron group 's bankruptcy last year .
he said , enron went bankrupt due to its accounting fraud , while vivendi 's crisis resulted from its mistake in financial strategies , possibly because of its over expansion within a short period of time , its acquisition of too many companies , as well as the division within its board of directors .
south and north koreas traded more accusations after clash at sea
( afp , seoul ) after the june 29 naval clash in the yellow sea between south and north koreas , both sides resumed hostility and traded accusations . south korean navy said the yellow sea clash was " elaborately orchestrated " by pyongyang .
in the wake of the june 29 yellow sea clash , south and north koreas yelled at each other in the harshest tone of warning ever in recent years .
pyongyang today accused seoul of attempting to escalate tensions by sending its naval vessels across the disputed maritime truce line and threatened more possible new clashes .
north korean navy command claimed that two south korean naval vessels today entered the same waters off the west coast of the korean peninsula where the june 29 clash took place and exchanged fires with the north korean navy .
north korea 's official korean central news agency quoted its navy 's statement as saying : " south korea 's provocation after the june 29 armed clash is an act of premeditation and is intended to further heighten the tensions along this maritime area . "
the statement said : " our side hereby issues the warning that the infiltration of armed vessels is a dangerous act that may provoke new armed clashes . "
south korean naval spokesperson denied the accusation , saying " all of our navy 's activities this morning were confined to south of the north limit line ( the maritime truce line designated after the korean war ended ) and were part of our routine exercise . "
the spokesperson said : " north korea should stop their fabrications . if they again attempt to cross the nll , they will face strong countermeasures . "
japanese emperor akihito and consort start to tour prague in czech republic
( afp , prague , czech ) japanese emperor akihito and his consort michiko started their tour of prague in the czech republic . they will visit some historic sites and then meet with czech president havel tomorrow .
the japanese imperial couple arrived in prague yesterday to start this leg of their itinerary in the czech republic before they proceed to visit other countries such as poland , austria and hungary .
at prague airport , the japanese imperial couple were welcomed in a grand ceremony . immediately after that , they went to the riverside liechtenstein palace where they are staying during their visit of the capital of the czech republic .
the 68-year-old japanese emperor hopes to learn first hand about how peoples in eastern and central europe are moving toward freedom and democracy in the post-communist era .
akihito will meet with havel today . havel , once a playwright and dissident , was elected president after the " velvet revolution " from november to december 1989 that brought down the communist regime .
at a press conference held on june 20 in tokyo for the announcement of this visit , akihito said : " i hope the people who have overcome all kinds of hardships in their struggles will eventually enjoy their freedom , democracy and lasting prosperity . "
this morning , akihito will go to the square in downtown prague named after the patron saint of bohemia and lay flowers at the bronze statue of saint wenceslas .
akihito and his 67-year-old consort will pay a visit to the old town and then go on a tour of house of municipality where independence was declared on october 28 , 1918 .
the akihitos will depart tomorrow for warsaw , poland , to continue their visit .
most japanese manufacturers plan to increase or maintain their level of domestic production
( afp , tokyo ) a survey shows that over 60% of major japanese manufacturers plan to increase or maintain their domestic level of production in the 2004 fiscal year .
the survey published by nikkei news today shows that these manufacturers will step up their research and development " in their efforts to promote the domestic demand and stop the dependence on exports " so as to meet the new demands of consumers for high value-added products .
the report said : " at a time when china is becoming the world 's factory , this action may prevent the hollowing out of the domestic industry . "
nikkei news said the survey was sent out to the directors or general managers of 191 major manufacturers early this june . 140 surveys were mailed back .
the survey shows that among those surveyed , 41% indicated that their level of domestic production in the 2004 fiscal year will be higher than that in the 2001 fiscal year ; 22% indicated that they will maintain the same level of production .
when asked for the reason for the expected rise in domestic production , 62% of respondents indicated that they foresee an increase in the consumer demand for domestic products .
however , the labor market for the domestic manufacturing industry will obviously decline .
nearly 69% of those surveyed indicated that they will cut permanent and temporary jobs , while only about 6% of respondents indicated that they will hire more people .
cuban president castro meets with former us presidential candidate nader
( afp , havana ) cuban president castro already met with the former us presidential candidate nader , who arrived in havana to discuss ways of combating tropical diseases .
on the 7th , castro held a banquet in the palace of the revolution in honor of nader , who once made a bid for the us presidency as a green party nominee in 2000 .
nader is a us consumer advocate . so far , there has been no news released yet about the subject of their conversation .
the banquet on the 7th is one of the two meetings castro and nader are scheduled to have this week .
the two will also hold a private talk on the 9th .
arriving earlier yesterday in havana , nader was warmly welcomed at the airport by alarcon , chairman of cuban national assembly .
nader pointed out it is wise to form a partnership between the united states and cuba in combating tropical diseases because the united states has the money while cuba has experienced and well-trained personnel .
nader also spoke in favor of the us abandoning of its 40-year-long trade embargo against cuba , saying the united states should treat cuba as it treats china .
nader said the united states and cuba also should start dialogs on the true meaning of democracy .
nader , who has started a series of talks with alarcon , is scheduled to meet today with cuban foreign minister perez and go on a tour of havana 's center for genetic engineering and biotechnology . he is scheduled to return to the united states on the 10th .
nader indicated that he will use his stay in cuba to meet with local dissidents , although it is not on his official itinerary .
nader is the second us politician to visit cuba since may this year when former president carter made his much publicized trip to cuba .
35 miners dead in ukraine mine disaster
( afp , kiev ) a fire broke out in a mine in the donetsk region in eastern ukraine , and 35 miners died from smoke inhalation . the tragedy has brought angry accusations nationwide against the dilapidated state of the country 's mining industry .
the emergencies ministry said the accident took place in ukraina mine near the town of ukrainsk . the fire occurred at a depth of 670 meters . two more miners were injured in this accident due to smoke inhalation .
the ministry said rescue workers have already started to bring bodies of the victims to the surface .
officials said that a total of 114 miners were working in the coal pit at the time of the accident . rescuers have already managed to bring 79 people back to the surface .
about more than 20 rescue teams were dispatched on this large-scale rescue mission .
the emergencies ministry said tonight that all the miners were accounted for . the final statistics were 35 deaths .
an official from the emergencies ministry said : " this is a devastating blow .
each year we have brothers who lost their lives underground . "
the accident has set off waves of accusations from all walks of life against the conditions in the ukraine mining industry . mining equipment in ukraine are outdated and aging , and the officials are corrupted . the coal produced is of inferior quality and often fetches less than production cost .
volynets , a member of the supreme council who also concurrently serves in the independent miners ' union , said : " authorities have made no efforts whatsoever to improve the conditions and to save miners ' lives . "
britain 's " dr . death " shipman suspected of murdering nearly 300 patients
( afp , london ) shipman , a former british family doctor , has been sentenced to life in prison on charges of murdering 15 people . according to the result of the official inquiry that may be released this week , shipman has actually murdered nearly 300 patients .
the inquiry headed by judge smith about this worst case of serial killing in the british history originally started with 800 cases of suspicious death , which later were reduced to 500 .
according to the daily newspaper the express , the inquiry concludes that shipman murdered about 300 patients during his 30 years of medical career . the express alleged that the accurate number is 297 people .
shipman , now 55 , used to practice medicine in the greater manchester area in northwestern england . he was sentenced to life in prison in january 2000 on charges of murdering 15 elderly patients .
british interior minister blunkett ruled on the 4th of this month that shipman must spend the rest of his life behind the bars .
most of the victims were elderly women who died of an overdose of morphine in their own homes . they did not show any life-threatening symptoms while they were alive .
shipman firmly refused to plead guilty . his motives remain a mystery .
blunkett 's ruling means that this " dr . death " will probably die of old age in prison because cases of life imprisonment will only be reevaluated after a service of 25 years . after that , evaluation will be given every five years .
hewitt hopes wimbledon title will encourage australian tennis
( afp , london ) the new wimbledon tennis champion hewitt hopes that the recent grand slam title he has won can serve as a springboard for reviving australian tennis .
hewitt said : " i hope this title can show the young generation of australians that it is possible to win wimbledon tennis championship .
you can dream .
you still must work very hard to achieve it , but it is still possible to make that dream come true . "
in recent years , australia has lost much of its shine at international tennis tournaments in sharp contrast with its glory in the 1960s and early 1970s .
during that golden age , the famous australian tennis players , laver , newcombe , and emerson , won 10 championships in 12 years .
from 1987 when another famous australian tennis player cash won the championship to the time hewitt won this title , only rafter came relatively close to these records of glory when he won the runner-up in 2000 and 2001 .
hewitt 's victory yesterday eclipsed his fellow countrymen woodbridge and reid .
woodbridge , partnering with bjorkman , won his seventh men 's doubles championship .
reid , on the other hand , won the junior doubles championship .
hewitt said he hopes he does n't have to shoulder alone the wait of all australians .
bush vows to bring malfeasant corporate ceos to account
( afp , washington ) as us president bush vowed to bring malfeasant corporate ceos to account and restore the public 's confidence in corporate america , he also had to defend his records as a former board director of an oil company in texas .
after a series of corporate fraud scandals came to light in the united states , bush said at a press conference today : " we will actively investigate those who violated the laws .
i think this will help restore americans ' confidence . "
he said : " i am deeply concerned that this country - - - as can be expected - - - will lose confidence in the free enterprise system . "
bush said : " i 'm myself a loyal supporter for the free enterprise system .
but i also know free enterprise can survive only on trust .
some incidents have destroyed americans ' confidence in free enterprise , and we must set things straight and take remedial measures . "
bush will deliver a speech on wall street on the 9th in hope of retaining investor confidence .
since the scandal of falsifying accounts and depleting the company hit the us energy giant enron at the end of last year , the us investor confidence has been much shattered , ready to collapse at any time .
bush said : " tomorrow , i will call for reinforcing the sec functions , additional investigators and more funds . "
a series of accounting scandals has hit corporate america this year , including the case of xerox and the most serious case involving worldcom with its accounting fraud of overstating 3.8-billion us dollars .
however , suspicion was raised on bush 's eight-month delay in filing with the relevant authorities on his stock option trade when he served as a director of harken energy corp . in texas ten years ago .
when asked why he delayed his filing with sec , bush said : " because i still have n't figured it out completely . "
morocco to hold celebrations of king 's grand wedding this week
( afp , rabat ) the moroccan royal household announced today that celebrations of king mohammed 's wedding will start this week . king mohammed was married on march 21 , but the festivities of the wedding ceremony were postponed nearly three months due to the ever-increasing turmoil in the middle east .
celebrations of the rabat royal palace were originally scheduled to take place in marrakech in april , but have now been postponed to july 12 .
the 38-year-old king mohammed already married the 24-year-old computer engineer bennani on march 21 . however , the celebrations of the king 's grand wedding were postponed for three months due to the crisis in the middle east .
king mohammed was fond of socializing even when he was a crown prince . however , since he succeeded to the throne after morocco 's king hassan ii died on july 23 , 1999 , mohammed has been actively engaged in reforms and has won himself the good reputation of a reformer .
mohammed 's decision to crown bennani as queen is seen as his intention to give her the role of the first lady .
morocco 's announcement of the king 's marriage and the release of bennani 's photo broke with the moroccan traditions . by the old tradition , wives of the moroccan royal household should all wear their veils and make no public appearances .
russian pilot in midair crash over southern germany received conflicting orders
( afp , brunswick ) german air accident investigators pointed out on the 8th that the pilot of the russian passenger plane , which collided with a cargo plane in midair over southern germany last week , received conflicting orders before the accident respectively from the swiss air traffic controller and the collision avoidance system on board .
german federal agency for the investigation of air accidents ( bfu ) said after a preliminary analysis of the voice recorders from both planes that the onboard computer of the bashkirian airlines flight carrying 69 people issued an order to climb at the same time when the swiss air traffic controller in zurich warned the plane must descend .
bfu issued a statement saying that one second after the onboard warning system told the tupolev crew to climb , they received an order from " skyguide , " the private-run swiss air traffic control company , for the plane to " descend , immediately descend . "
the warning system on the boeing 757 cargo plane , another plane involved in the accident , on the other hand , ordered the two pilots on board to descend .
14 seconds later , " skyguide " personnel warned the russian plane again that it must descend .
30 seconds later , the two planes crashed into each other at an altitude of 10,590 meters over �b erlingen in southern germany , killing all 71 people aboard the two planes .
bashkirian airlines and skyguide have been accusing each other of being responsible for this air crash .
at this time , skyguide declined to comment on this investigation report but pointed out that unless the pilot told them through radio transmission that the onboard collision avoidance system had issued a warning , the air traffic controllers would have no way of knowing it .
skyguide indicated that the company would make comments only after the german air accident investigation authorities come out with a complete conclusion .
two more state ministers resign in turkey
( afp , ankara ) according to the report from anatolian news agency , the wave of resignations by the turkish ministers continues . so far 26 former loyalists have withdrawn from the government headed by prime minister ecevit .
in a live tv broadcast , state minister gemici announced his resignation today in the northern city of zonguldak .
in the meantime , another state minister , yilmaz , also confirmed his resignation on the 8th .
the wave of resignations originated with the resignation of deputy prime minister �z kan , ecevit 's right-hand aide , on the 8th .
it was during a time when the 77-year-old frail ecevit is suffering from various ailments and the three-party coalition government 's disputes have led to political crises that �z kan resigned from his post as deputy prime minister and his positions in democratic left party .
the turkish culture minister , another state minister , as well as at least a dozen mps , immediately followed suit , resigning from their posts and withdrawing from their party .
the democratic left party 's position as the biggest party in the 550-seat parliament has been replaced by the partner of the coalition government , the national action party .
the national action party holds only one seat less than the democratic left party .
it is generally expected that as many as 35 mps will withdraw from the democratic left party .
ecevit and �z kan have not been on good terms because �z kan is allegedly attempting to form a new government by removing ecevit who some considered as unfit for office , or the nationalist action party that has been preventing turkey from carrying out democratic reforms required to join the european union .
commentators mentioned two heavyweights who may join the resignation . they are democratic left foreign minister cem and the independent economy minister dervis .
as ecevit has been kept from his job by ill health for two months and the coalition government disputed over the reforms demanded by the eu , there have been general concerns that the current political instability may bog down turkey in uncontrollable political and economic crises .
worldcom creditors mull over providing a secured loan of 3 billion us dollars
( afp , washington ) worldcom creditors are mulling over providing a secured line of credit of 3-billion us dollars to the struggling us telecommunications giant .
the wall street journal reported today that this financing negotiation is the first sign that worldcom and its creditors have already in mind some specific line of financing to help worldcom continue its operation .
citing sources familiar with the inside situation , the wall street journal reported that however , of the 3-billion us dollars of secured financing , 2.65-billion us dollars will be used to pay the worldcom creditors , which leaves only 350-million us dollars available for the bonds due next year that worldcom must pay off .
burns , a spokesman for worldcom based in clinton , missouri , said : " this is one of the topics we are discussing with creditor banks at this moment . "
the wall street journal pointed out that worldcom 's getting secured loan is good news to its nearly 30 creditor banks who provided 2.65-billion us dollars of unsecured financing to worldcom in may . these creditor banks provided loans to worldcom before worldcom disclosed its scandal of accounting fraud on june 25 .
the disclosure of worldcom 's scandal of overstating 3.8-billion us dollars of profits has prompted the us white house , congress and the relevant regulation agencies to tighten accounting guidelines , improve regulations for financial statements disclosure and take other measures .
raelian movement works with 10 to 20 clients for cloning humans
( afp , tokyo ) an official from clonaid , a human cloning company under raelian movement , said that a group of scientists of the company are working with " 10 to 20 clients " now on a project of cloning humans .
kaenzig , vice president of clonaid , said today : " we have selected these people from a list of several thousand clients . "
he said : " we are currently working with 50 surrogate mothers , " and he added that clonaid will release some results of this project " within a few months . "
kaenzig made the remark at the first international bio expo japan , a medical industry trade show that exhibits products and services of 250 related companies from japan and other countries , including dupont and roche diagnostics .
at the exhibition , clonaid demonstrated its " embryonic cell fusion system " which , kaenzig said , can produce the stable electronic pulse required for human embryos to develop to the blastocyst stage .
the device , named " rmx2010 , " resembles a car battery and sells for 9,000 us dollars per kit . it is made by " biofusion tech inc . " of south korea , a subsidiary clonaid established two months ago ,
the marketing director for biofusion tech inc . pointed out that " 2010 " designation represents the company 's hope that biological cloning will become a commonplace by 2010 .
saddam hussein 's stepson deported by us
( afp , miami ) the us immigration and naturalization service ( ins ) issued an order to deport a stepson of iraqi president saddam hussein .
the stepson of saddam hussein was arrested and detained because he came to take a course at a flight school in florida without a student visa .
an ins spokesperson said that the 36-year-old saffi was deported to new zealand on the night of the 8th .
with his new zealand citizenship , saffi does n't need an entry visa to enter the united states pursuant to the us visa waiver program . however , ins officials said that saffi planned to take a three-day flying course yet failed to get the required student visa .
as a result of his failure to get the required student visa , saffi also failed to get the clearance by the department of justice for eligibility to receive operation training on boeing 727 simulators .
in the wake of the sept . 11 terrorist attacks , any foreign student who wishes to enroll in a flight school program needs the above clearance .
the flight school , aeroservice aviation center , is the same school where jarrah , the suspect involved in the sept . 11 hijacking , received his flight training .
jarrah is believed to be one of the suspects who hijacked the flight 93 that crashed in pennsylvania .
fbi indicated that no evidence suggests saffi is in any way linked to any terrorist actions .
after he arrived in the united states from new zealand via los angeles , saffi was arrested on the 3rd of this month .
new zealand foreign ministry said that saffi admitted frankly he made a mistake entering the united states on a tourist visa .
saffi and his family have lived in auckland , new zealand for quite a few years and his entire family are naturalized citizens of new zealand .
hollywood veteran rod steiger dies of illness in los angeles
( afp , los angeles ) rod steiger , the veteran movie star who won the 1967 oscar for best actor for his role in " in the heat of the night , " died today of kidney failure at a hospital in los angeles . he was 77 .
in the 1960s , rod steiger often played the role of an unrelenting southern police chief in the united states who cracks down on crimes like a thunderbolt , and won the oscar award for his role in " in the heat of the night " which established him as an international movie superstar .
rod steiger was born in april 1925 in long island , new york and played in more than 100 movies in his acting career that spanned nearly 55 years . he was an actor of versatility and undertook various types of roles , including those in famous movies such as " on the waterfront " with marlon brando in 1954 , the musical " oklahoma " in 1955 , the war movie " the longest day " in 1962 and " doctor zhivago . "
he liked to take the challenge of various types of roles .
in addition to marlon brando , rod steiger also co-starred with numerous superstars such as humphrey bogart , edward robinson , sidney poitier and those modern movie idols like sylvester stallone , jack nicholson and sharon stone .
rod steiger 's acting career started in the 1950s when the us television was in its early stage of development . later he moved to the big screen of movies . in his acting career that spanned nearly 55 years , he played in over 100 works .
in recent years , rod steiger 's works include the " end of days " with arnold schwarznegger in 1999 .
family feuds over freezing of baseball celebrity ted williams ' remains
( afp , miami ) ted williams , the slugger who died of heart disease in florida last friday , may become the first immortal in the baseball world , as a son of his allegedly plans to freeze his body in liquid nitrogen , believing this will get the baseball legend to come out to play again in a-hundred years .
ted williams was 83 .
however , the other family members are strongly opposed to the idea , and a serious feud broke out in the entire clan just hours after ted 's death .
the family alleged that john henry , now 33 , son of the red sox slugger and his third wife , sent ted 's remains without the family 's permission to a cryonic lab in arizona and froze it in liquid nitrogen at minus 320 degrees at the cost of 120,000 us dollars .
miami herald quoted sherri mosley , ted 's granddaughter , as saying : " he believes that with the development of current science and technology , my grandfather can wake up and play the ball again in 25 years or sell his dna . "
the family told the boston herald that john henry has been pushing the idea of freezing his father 's corpse for years . it is reported that his father once said he hoped to be cremated after death and to have a simple ceremony .
barbara , sherri 's mother , has already retained a lawyer and asked john henry to send ted 's remains back to florida for cremation . sherri said : " this would disgrace his name and dignity . "
the fight over ted 's remains may be handed over for a ruling in citrus county court in florida , though the final decision will be made in general according to his will , which is expected to be read aloud later this week .
ted wiliams ' three children have been at odds with one another for years . john henry , who managed his father 's business and personal matters , once sued his younger sister claudia for selling their father 's autographed bats .
ted williams , with a hitting rate of . 400 in major league , is considered the greatest hitter in the baseball history .
august to tell if more corporate accounting frauds exist , says us secretary of the treasury
( afp , washington ) us secretary of the treasury o'neill said that the securities and exchange commission has made new requirements on corporate ceos , and august will tell if there are still more corporate accounting frauds .
in an interview with the fox tv , o'neill said that sec requires all corporate ceos to personally certify the veracity of their companies ' accounting statements , ensuring anything of such nature in the future will be above board .
he said that this sec rule will go into effect in the middle of august when applicable companies will submit their statements to sec .
" if there are more birds in the tree , they will fly out after the statements are turned in . "
he said : " i do n't think any corporate ceo will deliberately certify that the accounting statements last year were not truthful , unless everybody guaranteed them that such things did take place . "
he reiterated that corporate ceos have the duty and obligation to know what is going on in their companies .
he added , that does not necessarily include some small fraud of 10,000 us dollars , but any corporate ceo should know the exact details of a transaction of 1-billion us dollars .
singapore to maintain neutral foreign exchange policy
( afp , singapore ) monetary authority of singapore pointed out in a mid-year policy review released today that with its economy uncertain of recovery , singapore will continue to maintain a neutral foreign exchange policy .
mas issued a statement saying : " although the momentum of recovery is still facing some uncertainties before the end of the year , singapore 's domestic economy is expected to continue its recovery , and inflation is expected to ease . "
the statement added : " given the eased inflation , mas decided to maintain the current policy stance of a zero percent appreciation for singapore dollar nominal effective exchange rate ( neer ) in order to help sustain the economic recovery . "
mas 's decision to maintain its neutral foreign exchange policy has been long expected by analysts and will have little effect on the singapore currency .
mas said that since the beginning of this year , the external environment has been dramatically improved , and the us-led economic recovery is reflected by robust consumer spending .
malaysia to launch first interactive tv network in asia
( afp , kuala lumpur ) a malaysian company said that it will launch the first interactive tv network in asia at the end of this month to provide internet , multimedia communications , banking and other services .
the tv technology developer , enhanced tv technologies , said that the localized etv network to be unveiled on the 30th of this month will provide tv broadcasting , internet and telecommunication services on a tv screen .
enhanced tv technologies said that it can allow users to access the internet , receive or send emails and mobile phone messages , chat online , make international calls , pay bills and conduct banking transactions .
tay , operations director of enhanced tv technologies , said that etv is designed to be a " pc within a tv " and will help shorten the digital gap in malaysia .
he said studies show that 98% of the malaysian households own at least one tv set , but less than 3% of the population of 23-million own computers .
he went on to say : " you can watch or actually participate in the video games you like , get the latest news , while almost simultaneously ordering a pizza . you can also send emails to your friends and pay bills .
all this you can do with a remote control while sitting comfortably on a sofa . "
ronny tan , ceo of cse multimedia technologies , the parent company of enhanced tv technologies , said that since 1992 , the company has invested over 10-million malaysian dollars ( 2.63-million us dollars ) in developing this system .
he said that they plan to export this technology to new zealand , japan , the philippines , singapore and thailand in two years .
famous painting by rubens sold by sotheby 's at 79-million euros
( afp , london ) sotheby 's auction house said that a work by the great flemish painter rubens ( 1577-1640 ) was sold at 49.5-million ( 79.2-million euros , 76.6-million us dollars ) in london today .
the painting , " massacre of the innocents , " which was completed between 1609 to 1611 , has now become the most expensive painting in the british auction history .
the painting was originally expected to fetch between 4 to 6 million ( 6.4 to 9.6 million euros ) .
sotheby 's said that the painting was purchased by a private collector who was present at the auction .
the painting could claim to be the most prestigious painting ever auctioned by sotheby 's in the past two decades .
the most expensive painting ever sold at auction was van gogh 's " the portrait of dr . gachet . " it was purchased by a japanese businessman in 1990 at a bidding of 82.5-million us dollars .
turkish foreign minister cem announces resignation , another heavy blow to turkish prime minister
( afp , ankara ) turkish foreign minister cem announced his resignation today , dealing another heavy blow to the struggling prime minister ecevit 's government .
in a written statement issued by the semi-official anatolian news agency , cem said that he will resign from his government as well as the democratic left party positions .
cem is the last heavyweight figure the disintegrating democratic left party headed by ecevit has left .
cem said : " i will let the public know my motive and my thoughts on the future at a press conference tomorrow . "
at 62 years of age , the popular cem is the seventh minister who left the ecevit government since the 8th .
�z kan , ecevit 's right-hand aide and deputy , differing from the ailing prime minister on the concept of the government 's future , took the lead to defect on the 8th , triggering this wave of massive desertion .
cem 's resignation is expected to set off another wave of resignations from the democratic left party .
the democratic left party has so far lost 36 members , pushing the evecit government to the verge of collapse .
israeli officials warn of precarious situation on west bank
( afp , jerusalem ) after senior israeli army officers warned the new chief of staff that the palestinian towns reoccupied by the israeli military have virtually become powder kegs , the israeli government is facing strong pressures to loosen its grip on the west bank region .
three weeks ago , the israeli troops reoccupied the seven major west bank towns . the isolated desert town of jericho is the only one not retaken , but has been tightly blockaded by the israeli military .
the israeli public tv station said that some high-ranking army officers demand that the new army chief of staff general ya'alon agree to a partial withdrawal from the west bank towns . they pointed out the curfew that has been in force for weeks has put these occupied towns " on the verge of a volcanic eruption . "
the hawkish ya'alon took office on the 9th to replace mofaz .
ya'alon used to be head of the central command which includes the west bank under its jurisdiction .
earlier this month , mofaz claimed that the reoccupation of the west bank would continue " for a long period , at least for several months , " echoing the hardline prime minister sharon 's talk .
the israeli newspaper independence quoted a senior defense official as saying that israel is preparing to loosen its control over the areas whose security threat has dramatically decreased . he said that it is necessary that the israeli military remain stationed but it is unsustainable in the long term .
israeli authorities once claimed that the israeli military could remain on the west bank till palestine holds a general election . the israeli military invaded the west bank region on full scale after israel suffered two suicide bombings and an attack on a west bank settlement that left 31 people dead .
mainland china sees an increase of 14.1% in exports in first half of this year
( afp , beijing ) official statistics show that in the first half of this year , the exports of mainland china have increased 14.1% over the same period last year . this has greatly encouraged the policy makers who expect an export-oriented economic growth in mainland china this year .
customs general administration announced that as of june this year , the total value of exports from mainland china has reached 142-billion us dollars .
in the same period , the value of imports hit 128.7-billion us dollars , an increase of 10.4% over the corresponding period last year .
exports in june alone jumped by 17.8% to a total value of 26-billion us dollars , while imports increased 8.6% to a total value of 23.1-billion us dollars .
in order to achieve the official goal of an economic growth rate of 7% , mainland china has to substantially increase its exports .
observers believe that a 7% economic growth rate is essential to further prevent high unemployment rate and possible social unrest .
mainland china 's economic growth rate reached 7.6% in the first quarter of this year .
it was 6.6% in the same period last year .
singapore corporations increase investment in employee welfare to raise productivity
( afp , singapore ) while singapore is struggling against the severest economic recession the country has ever experienced , signs are showing that singapore corporations are increasing their investment in employee welfare in the hope of raising productivity .
while presenting the " family-friendly frim " award , ibrahim , singapore 's minister for community development , said today : " we have started to see senior corporate ceos are changing their way of thinking in terms of benefits of work and life . "
he said : " studies show that employees are willing to work harder in exchange of flexibility that helps them to work at greater ease . "
more and more companies in singapore are switching to more flexible working arrangements . of the 435 award winning companies , 33% provide different working schedules , a rise over the 19%-two years earlier .
ibrahim said : " the flexibility of work allows management and staff to reach agreements on the location , time and method of working and make win-win conducive working arrangements . "
he said : " although this takes great effort , i am pleased to say that the changing dynamics of work and life in singapore has gained momentum . "
world food program says southern africa faces severe famine
( afp , johannesburg ) about 13-million people in six southern african countries may die of starvation . at present , their situation has reached such " a critical moment of life and death " that the un world food program ( wfp ) believes it has become one of the gravest humanitarian crises in the current world .
morris , the new executive director of the un wfp , said at a press conference in johannesburg : " what is happening now in these six countries is the most serious humanitarian crisis in the current world . "
the un wfp has already set up its emergency headquarters in johannesburg for the six countries most severely hit by famine such as lesotho , malawi , mozambique , swaziland , zambia and zimbabwe .
for this , the un wfp urgently appeals for a donation of 507-million us dollars in the coming 9 months so as to prevent the food crisis from escalating into " an unimaginable human catastrophe . "
" the combination of all kinds of destructive factors such as widespread famine , prolonged poverty and epidemic aids will soon result in a catastrophe . "
morris said : " policy failures and mismanagement have only aggravated the already serious situation . "
agricultural experts pointed out that drought and flood have caused crop failures in the above regions .
lewis , wfp 's regional director of east and southern africa , warned that although there has been some harvest recently , the food shortage still remains a serious problem .
lewis said , compared with the situation in april when wfp made the appeal , " the current situation should have improved , yet things are actually getting worse and people have already experienced pains . "
the official said that children , women and the elderly are those worst hit by food shortages .
japanese woman dies after taking a weight loss drug made in china
( afp , tokyo ) the yomiuri shimbun reported that a 60-year-old japanese woman died after taking a herbal weight loss drug manufactured in china 11 more people have shown pathological changes in their livers after taking the drug .
citing governmental and hospital findings , the yomiuri shimbun reported that the woman bought the weight loss capsules from an importing company in february , but after taking the drug for a month , she began to show symptoms of fatigue and nausea .
the yomiuri shimbun said that the woman died after being diagnosed as having an acute liver disease by the medical department of keio university , tokyo at the end of may .
dr . adachi at keio university , who examined the woman and other three patients , said that they all had normal liver functions before taking the weight loss drug .
the yomiuri shimbun quoted adachi as saying : " their symptoms all appeared after taking the drug for a month .
their liver diseases may have been caused by allergy or poisoning . "
adachi 's patients include a 55-year-old woman who had to undergo blood transfusion and dialysis due to jaundice induced by the weight loss drug .
the yomiuri shimbun did n't reveal the name of this weight loss drug manufactured in china , but it said the ministry of health , labor and welfare plans to release it to the public so as to caution consumers .
the newspaper said the ministry of health is trying to analyze the ingredients of the weight loss drug .
ashcroft warns against al qaeda cell 's attacks on the us
( afp , washington ) us attorney general ashcroft warned today that the terrorist al qaeda cells hiding in the united states and terrorists who sneaked into the united states disguised as tourists have already posed a threat to the security of the united states .
ashcroft said : " there are still many undercover terrorists and their supporters in the united states whose real identities are not yet exposed . therefore , we must take pre-emptive measures to deal with them . "
he said , even though washington has never stopped investigating , al qaeda cell members still managed to infiltrate the border of the united states disguised as tourists , businessmen or students .
the united states announced in june this year that a tracking system had been established to continue close surveillance on 200,000 suspicious visitors .
he warned that even if the united states has restricted foreign terrorists from entering the country , they can still recruit american citizens and permanent residents to carry out terrorist attacks .
australia strongly supports us military actions against iraq
( afp , sydney ) following us president bush 's vow to oust the saddam hussein regime " by all means , " australia voiced its strong support of the us military actions against iraq .
during his visit in washington , australian foreign minister downer told abc radio on the 11th that failure to stop iraq from developing weapons of mass destruction capability is no different from the policy of appeasement that allowed nazi germany to rise back then .
downer said : " the policy of appeasement is a policy to allow saddam hussein to continue developing weapons of mass destruction . "
while attacking the other us allies for their criticism of president bush 's position , he said : " i think only a fool will support a policy of appeasement , and will just hope that by saying or doing nothing to iraq and saddam hussein , all the problems will go away . "
he said : " i think the whole world will increasingly realize that this is not something that we can run away from . "
downer 's remark has been the most fiecely worded so far among those from all the us allies that support the pre-emptive strikes against iraq .
porn games website advocates safe sex
( afp , barcelona ) according to a british youth education charity group , the website they have designed combining games and pornography yet at the same time advocating safe sex was a smash success , welcomed by many young people .
www.supershagland.com is the web address of this online site that features a parody of nintendo 's super mario game .
players of the game are to chase their dream girls or boys and get rewarded with a mock porn scene .
in the course of reaching the goal , players get points if they get the condom and lose points or meet monks or nuns if they drink alcohol .
the game includes safe sex information upon clicking .
" k-generation , " the group that founded the website , issued a press release while the international aids conference is being held in barcelona , saying that a total of 125,000 people have played the super shag land game since the website was launched in 2001 .
k-generation ceo almond said : " these results clearly show that the right medium can really
studies found that those who clicked on safe sex information spent an average of 3.5 minutes reading it .
world nuclear power generation increased by 4% last year
( afp , vienna ) the un 's international atomic energy agency said that in 2001 , world nuclear power generation increased nearly 4% , accounting for over 16% of the total global electricity generation .
iaea said in a statement : " world nuclear power generation is gradually increasing as its operation is continuously being improved , and it is expected to continue growing slowly but steadily in the next few years . "
iaea deputy director mourogov said that world nuclear generation " has increased its share in the more competitive new environment of privatized and deregulated electricity markets . "
iaea said that in 2001 , nuclear power plants generated as much as 2,544 twh , accounting for 16.2% of the total global electricity generation , a rise of 3.9% over the 2,449 twh of the preceding year .
according to iaea , a total of 30 countries in the world and taiwan have nuclear power plants , most of which are in western europe and north america .
the use of nuclear power in 18 countries account for at least 20% of their total electricity generation , from the 20% in the united states and the czech republic to the 78% in france and lithuania .
iaea said , in 2001 , a total of 32 new nuclear power plants were being built worldwide with most of them in asia , central and eastern europe .
by the end of 2001 , 438 nuclear power plants were in operation worldwide just as in 2000 - - the two new nuclear power plants in japan and russia making up for the two nuclear power plants that had been closed in britain .
iaea estimates that nuclear power generation will increase between 4% to 7% by 2005 and between 7% to 15% by 2010 , with the biggest growth rate in asia , central and eastern europe .
japanese vice minister of health may resign due to his involvement in college admission scandal
( afp , tokyo ) the yomiuri shimbun and asahi shimbun in japan reported that kazuaki miyaji , vice minister of health , labor and welfare , may resign from his post next week as a result of his involvement in a medical school entrance exam scandal , adding more woes to the japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi who has already had enough of complaints .
quoting japanese government officials , the yomiuri shimbun and asahi shimbun reported today that koizumi plans to depose miyaji on the 15th .
miyaji , member of the diet and a senior offcial of the ruling liberal democratic party , was accused of helping a supporter 's grandson pass the entrance exam for the medical school of teikyo university in tokyo .
miyaji said at a non-public meeting in the house of representatives that his secretary once contacted the medical school to notify its president of the examinee 's ticket number .
the examinee , who failed in the entrance exams both in 2000 and 2001 , subsequently passed the exam .
miyaji denied exerting pressure on teikyo university , yet apologized for the suspicion and criticism that his action has incurred .
he said : " i understand my duty ; as incumbent vice minister , this is very inappropriate . "
japan 's chief cabinet secretary yasuo fukuda said at a press conference yesterday that he will discuss with the government officials on miyaji 's resignation so as to prevent this incident from causing any dispute in the diet .
the opposition party earlier boycotted the diet agenda , demanding miyaji 's resignation .
madrid sends troops to north african islet in response to spain-morocco territorial dispute
( afp , madrid ) spain sent more troops to a small island near morocco over which they claim sovereignty . spain said it was an " unfriendly act " that morocco has dispatched about a dozen troops to these islets of controversial sovereignty .
madrid said that it has already made formal protests to rabat and will send additional troops to the islands off spanish ceuta and melilla in north africa .
on the 9th , morocco also sent troops to the perejil island off the ceuta enclave , saying that the purpose of sending troops is to monitor the entry of illegal immigrants and terrorists .
madrid said moroccan troops are found today to have increased their activities in the vicinity of the spanish chafarinas off the melilla enclave .
morocco has already rejected spain 's request of its withdrawal of troops from the perejil island .
a moroccan official said that the moroccan troops have the right to station there , claiming that the sovereignty of the perejil island has always belonged to morocco since morocco declared its independence in 1956 after spain ended its protectorate .
the official said morocco 's decision to set up an observation post in perejil " is neither a provocation against spain nor constitutes a threat . "
however , spain 's secretary of state for foreign affairs , nadal , said that this issue " is serious and worrisome . " in the past year , clashes between spain and morocco occurred from time to time , and a series of disputes led to morocco 's withdrawal of its ambassador from madrid in october last year .
spain 's first deputy prime minister rajoy said at a press conference held in madrid that morocco 's decision to send troops to perejil was an " unfriendly act " that violated the friendship treaty the two countries signed in 1991 .
however , he refused to answer when reporters asked whether the sovereignty of this island of 13.5 hectares really belongs to spain , only saying that both spain and morocco have been able to abide by the treaty of non-occupation of perejil island signed by the two countries for 40 years .
the status of perejil has become somewhat uncertain since the european countries started to decolonize african countries .
monsoon rains hit the philippines again , bringing up death toll to 50
( afp , manila ) officials pointed out that monsoon rains brought by the passing typhoon halong poured down in manila , capital of the philippines , bringing up the death toll from flooding in the philippines to 50 in the past week .
the philippine civil defense official said that yesterday five people died in the northern province of pangasinan , bringing up the death toll to 50 . in addition , 41 people were injured and five are missing .
three of the dead were the south koreans who drowned in a boat accident south of manila shortly after the rainy season began in the philippines on july 6 ; two are still missing .
although the rains weakened this week with typhoons chata'an and nakri moving away from the philippines , the downpour intensified yesterday as typhoon halong pressed closer .
as water level continued to rise , more than 10,000 people in the northern philippines have been evacuated from their homes .
as rains poured with renewed intensity , some of those who were able to return home recently were forced to be evacuated again to safe areas .
civil defense officials pointed out that several major roads in metropolitan manila area have been inundated with neck-high water . authorities have dispatched military trucks , rubber boats , and ambulances on rescue missions .
the official said the total damage caused by the week-long rains is estimated to reach more than 369-million pesos ( 7.2-million us dollars ) .
according to the official philippine weather station , as of 2:00 a.m . today , typhoon halong was 1,350 kilometers southeast of the northern province of cagayan and was moving northwest at the speed of 22 kilometers per hour with maximum wind speed at 160 kilometers per hour .
japanese traffic accident investigation authorities recommend pilots follow computer orders
( afp , tokyo ) japanese government 's aircraft and railway accidents investigation commission recommends that pilots follow the warning of the collision avoidance system when an air traffic controller gives orders contradictory to those of the onboard anti-collision computer system .
the investigation commission made the above recommendation in an accident investigation report on a near-miss between two japan airlines planes over central japan in january last year , which left 100 passengers injured .
the yomiuri shimbun and asahi shimbun reported today that the report was submitted to domestic transport minister chikage ogi yesterday .
according to the report , the reason causing the two jal planes to have a near miss is that an aviation controller mixed up the flight numbers of the two planes , resulting in giving orders contradictory to those of the " traffic alert and collision avoidance system . "
the report concludes that the incident of passenger injuries could have been avoided if the pilot had followed the order of the collision avoidance system .
the two newspapers , the yomiuri shimbun and asahi shimbun , reported that the investigation commission recommends that the international civil aviation organization revise its regulations to give priority to collision avoidance system warnings .
on july 1 this year , a russian passenger plane collided with a boeing cargo plane in midair over southern germany , resulting in a tragic air crash of over 70 deaths . human error , including the inappropriate orders from the air traffic controller , was suspected of having caused the accident .
18 palestinian suicide bombing attacks prevented , claims israel
( afp , jerusalem ) israeli authorities claim that during the three weeks the israeli military reoccupied the west bank , israel has prevented 18 suicide attacks and other attacks .
in addition , it is reported that four more palestinians were killed in the attack the israeli military launched against the palestinian self-rule area .
israeli defense minister eliezer said , since israel reoccupied most areas on the west bank three weeks ago , the israeli military have arrested 15 palestinians who were prepared to launch suicide bombing attacks and intercepted three vehicles carrying explosives .
eliezer told the public radio station : " we must remain stationed on the west bank , because we have no other alternative if we want to prevent suicide bombing attacks from happening once or twice a day in israel , or to prevent terrorists from infiltrating with vehicles fully loaded with explosives . "
the israeli people gave strong support to prime minister sharon 's order to reoccupy seven of the eight major west bank towns .
israeli military reoccupied the west bank towns after two suicide bombing attacks took place in jerusalem , killing 26 civilians .
grenade attack in pakistan injured 12 , including 9 europeans
( afp , peshawar , pakistan ) pakistani police said that at least 12 people , including 9 europeans , were slightly injured in a grenade attack that took place in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
a police officer told afp that the wounded were stopping near an archaeological site in the district of mansehra 150 kilometers east of peshawar when an unidentified man threw a grenade at them .
the wounded were immediately sent to a local hospital . the doctors said all the victims suffered superficial injuries and were released after treatment .
a doctor at the mansehra district hospital told afp : " all of them are out of danger . "
the wounded included seven germans - - five of them are women , an austrian man and a slovak national .
the wounded also included a pakistani man and two pakistani children .
so far there has been no word yet of any police arrest .
a spokesperson for the german embassy said that they have been notified of the incident .
the spokesperson said : " we have learned that they all suffered slight injuries . "
muslim militants attack hindu temple , killing 24
( afp , jammu , india , july 14 ) the indian police and eyewitnesses said that muslim militants yesterday attacked a hindu temple on the outskirts of jammu , the winter capital of indian-administered kashmir , killing 24 civilians and injuring 30 .
the police control officials said that three militants disguised as hindu saints entered the temple located in the qasim nagar residential area and fired random shots .
four civilians were instantly killed at the scene ; others died of severe wounds after they were sent to the hospital .
eyewitnesses said that the military police still exchanged fires with the attackers last night .
the police said that the killed civilians are still lying inside the temple while commandos in bullet-proof outfit are trying to remove the bodies .
some residents fled with their families from the area .
this is the most serious attack that has taken place in kashmir since may 14 .
on may 14 , muslim militants attacked a bus and a military camp near jammu and killed 32 soldiers and their families before they were shot to death .
the may 14 attack pushed india and pakistan to the brink of war . india accused pakistan of supporting those militants . ( 910714 )
coca-cola to change the way the stock options are treated
( afp , washington ) while a series of accounting scandals broke out in corporate america , the us soft drink giant , coca-cola , said it will start to list those stock options issued to the company 's chief executives and employees as compensation in response to the chief complaints from those demanding reforms .
coca-cola said in a statement that starting from october this year , the value of the common stock options issued to the company chief executives and employees will be listed as part of their compensation .
coca-cola said that the reform is expected to cost one us cent per share .
unlike salaries and health insurance benefits , stock options issued to the chief executives and employees are usually not treated by the company as expenses .
daft , coca-cola 's ceo , said : " the management has already recognized that stock options are a form of compensation given to employees , and it is therefore appropriate to reflect these costs in our accounting statements .
i am pleased that our board of directors agreed to this practice . "
he said : " our leadership decided to change this method that helps to calculate stock options so as to ensure our earnings can more clearly reflect the current financial status when our accounting statements give a clear list of all compensations . "
this decision by coca-cola may turn out to be a major impetus to those promoting the reform .
last week , us president bush proposed that the stock market should require public-traded companies obtain approval from shareholders before issuing stock options .
however , the us congress rejected senator mccain 's proposal that stock options be treated as compensation .
sec chairman pitt said : " the first thing we want to do is to change the way they are distributed . only after then will we worry about the way they are listed . "
he said : " its goal is to protect investors .
it is not a quick solution as many have imagined . "
japan 's current account surplus more than doubled in may
( afp , tokyo ) japanese officials said today that encouraged by the brisk export activity in the united states and asian region , japan 's current account surplus more than doubled in may , setting a record of eight straight years of surplus growth .
the current account , which is used to record trade in goods and services , financial revenues and currency transfers , has its surplus increased to 1.0443-trillion japanese yen ( 8.9 billion us dollars ) , over the mere 502.9-billion japanese yen of the corresponding period last year .
the trade surplus , which is the core of the current account , jumped by 182.8% in may to 728.8-billion japanese yen , marking the third straight annual increase .
japan 's ministry of finance noted that the increasing exports mainly led by those of autos , computers and steel products to the united states and the asian market offset the loss due to decreased exports to europe , bringing exports in may up 8.7% to 3.9325-trillion japanese yen .
in addition , the depreciation of the japanese yen against the us dollar also helped the growth of exports .
the weakened japanese yen allowed the japanese goods to be more competitive overseas and also increased the value of overseas income sent back home .
analysts pointed out that japan 's current account surplus may continue to grow for the current period .
us commerce secretary evans optimistic about economic outlook
( afp , washington ) amid the increasing concern over us corporate ethics and widespread market slowdown , commerce secretary evans stresses that the actual economic data give people reasons to feel optimistic about the outlook of us economic recovery .
evans said on the abc tv station : " there are some very good and encouraging data about the us economy .
the economy and the stock market are n't always in sync . "
evans added : " in the long run , what affects the stock market is a strong economy , and that 's what the president is paying attention to , a strong economy . "
" at present , the economic recovery looks very healthy . the economic growth rate for the 1st quarter this year reached 6.1% .
productivity grew by 4.2% over last year .
in fact , our productivity has seen a dramatic improvement over the past decade .
our productivity has actually increased . "
" therefore , you know , we have many reasons to feel optimistic about the economy , including the ever-increasing job opportunities . "
evans earlier said on the fox tv station : " the president worked hard to cut taxes in the past year just because the overall growth of economy is essential , and the tax cut is a good beginning to bring around the economy . "
" this is one of the reasons for the economic recovery . consumers are always very important in the economy . "
election-related violence in philippines left 66 dead and 20 injured
( afp , manila ) the military said that election-related violence broke out when the philippines held its local elections , leaving 66 dead and 20 injured .
lieutenant general camiling , head of a task force in charge of peace keeping for the elections , said that more than 2,000 reservists are deployed across the country , serving as polling monitors and peace officers . in addition , thousands of soldiers have been earlier deployed to the most violence-prone areas for vigilance .
camiling told the media on the 15th that as of 9:00 a.m . local time in the philippines ( 9:00 , on the 15th , taipei time ) , there has been a total of 114 incidents of election-related violence , of which 36 are related to the enforcement of the gun control .
he said : " the above-mentioned incidents left 66 dead and 20 injured .
16 of them were candidates for village chiefs . "
camiling said , to prevent election-related violence , the security forces composed mainly of marines have been deployed in advance to the island of masbate and nearby camarines sur province in the central philippines , areas where violence was most likely to take place .
balaguer , seven-term president in dominican republic , dies at 95
( afp , santo domingo ) balaguer , who wielded enormous sway in dominican politics for decades and held the presidency for seven terms in the dominican republic , died of heart failure today . he was 95 .
balaguer 's body was taken home from the hospital . his conservative " reformist social christian party " plans to place his remains in national congress building for viewing .
president mejia said : " early this morning , all our countrymen learned the news that such an important figure in dominican politics has passed away . "
mejia has declared three days of national mourning .
balaguer assumed the presidency for the first time in 1961 as a successor to the assassinated trujillo . he stepped down from his post in 1962 due to political struggles and regained power in 1966 . later he again served as president for five terms from 1970 to 1974 , 1974 to 1978 , 1986 to 1990 , 1990 to 1994 and 1994 to 1996 .
spain warns morocco not to station troops in disputed mediterranean island
( afp , madrid ) spanish prime minister aznar warned morocco that the madrid government will not allow rabat authorities to station troops in a disputed mediterranean island off the moroccan coast .
aznar said in the state of the nation address in the spanish parliament : " spain will not accept a fait accompli . "
rabat authorities dispatched about a dozen soldiers to the uninhabited island perejil on the 11th as part of its crackdown on illegal immigrants and counter-terrorist operation .
however , madrid insisted that these soldiers raised two national flags of morocco on this tiny rocky island and that this military occupation violated the spanish sovereignty , demanding the withdrawal of the troops .
aznar said : " it is essential that the island return to the status quo before it is occupied . "
he indicated that spain will step up diplomatic efforts to pressure rabat into withdrawing its troops from perejil .
aznar said that his government has already passed the message to morocco that it hopes for " close diplomatic relations , yet the relations can only be based on mutual respect . "
denmark , the current president of the european union , voiced its support of spain yesterday , demanding that morocco withdraw its troops from perejil .
however , the arab league that has 22 member states , on the other hand , supports morocco 's claim of sovereignty over this island .
iraqi leaders and mps call for preparations for war in response to us threat
( afp , baghdad ) under the us threat to launch military strikes , iraqi president saddam hussein 's eldest son , uday , the powerful parliamentarian , called on the government to urge the people to prepare for war .
while the parliament pledged full support of saddam hussein and his measures taken to protect the country , uday recalled the situation in the persian gulf war .
he said : " the iraqi people must get prepared both psychologically and militarily and at all levels nationwide so as to defeat any offensive of their enemy and share the burden of the war .
this war may be even fiercer than the war in 1991 . "
uday proposed a document at a special meeting of the parliament to discuss the threat of the us-initiated attacks . he called for " rigorous security measures to meet the basic needs of the people , " and avoid the repetition of the 1991 rebellions .
uday was referring to the rebellions of kurds in northern iraq and muslim shiites in the south following the persian gulf war .
iraqi foreign minister sabri later also warned via iraqi satellite tv station that iraq will do all it can to oppose any us attacks and appealed to other arabic nations for assistance .
members of the iraqi parliament , on the other hand , issued a statement after the meeting , saying they " will fully support the leadership of president saddam hussein and all the measures he takes to protect iraq 's security , independence and sovereignty . "
philippine president arroyo officially co-heads foreign ministry
( afp , manila ) philippine president arroyo today officially serves concurrently as foreign secretary .
vice president guingona , the former concurrent foreign secretary , was removed from the post due to his resentment against the decision allowing the us deployment in the southern philippines .
arroyo said when she met with foreign department officials today in the presidential palace that her main priority is to take care of the welfare of 5 million overseas filipino workers and their families .
arroyo urged the foreign department to further fulfill its obligation to serve the people and to possibly set up an around-the-clock toll free hotline so that filipinos can inquire about their family members in case a disaster or emergency occurs overseas .
she also discussed the philiphine government 's policies with regard to the asean , the wto , and the upcoming asem and apec conference .
the official statement issued by the philippine government said : " the president wants the department to make proposals that will strengthen the asean . "
in addition to the philippines , the asean member nations include brunei , cambodia , indonesia , laos , malaysia , myanmar , singapore , thailand and vietnam .
arroyo also issued several administrative orders in the capacity of foreign secretary and appointed her foreign relations adviser rebong as the official coordinator in foreign affairs .
us medical website drkoop.com sold at bargain price
( afp , san francisco ) according to the buyer of drkoop.com website , the us medical information website that was once valued as high as 1-billion us dollars was sold today for only 186,000 us dollars .
the website named after koop , former surgeon general of the united states public health service , was a precursor to medical information websites . at a time when consumers as well as advertisers swarmed into websites in search of health-related information , this website once promised investors huge profits .
the website even provided pharmaceutical and other health concepts .
founded in 1997 , the online company had an initial funding of over 200-million us dollars and was once worth 1-billion us dollars at a time when its stocks were at their highest value .
despite having a well-acclaimed name and about 2-million users , the website still failed to retain those investors who became disgusted with all " doc.com 's " under the influence of the internet bubble .
like most of its counterparts , the drkoop website had been suffering a slow and painful death in its financial crisis .
on the 15th , the website also became history when it announced its bargain sale to florida-based " vitacost.com , " a website specializing in the study of vitamins .
us exporters welcome us dollar devaluation
( afp report from washington , d.c . ) us manufacturers have expressed welcome to euro 's first going up against us dollar in more than two years , helped by us corporate fraudulent accounting crisis .
despite wall street 's slump with the dow jones industrial average plunging sharply over 400 points before regaining strength , manufacturers believe that dollar 's devaluation can help the us export industry .
president and chief executive of american alliance of manufactures , duesterberg , said that the parity break-up between the us dollar and the euro helps overcome psychological barrier .
" from the perspective of manufacturers , it is generally considered a positive signal , " he said .
" due to us dollar 's high value in the past , many american domestic manufactures could not compete with their foreign counterparts effectively , " said duesterberg .
he said : " we expect us exports to improve in six months . "
wall street rebounded significantly afterwards .
the dow jones industrial average index picked up after plunging more than 400 points to close down slightly 45.43 points at 8,639.19 .
however , traders said that stocks ' rebounding had nothing to do with investors ' regaining confidence in american enterprises , but only quick purchasing for profits .
first-round matches of stuttgart atp tournament delayed by rain for tomorrow
( afp report from stuttgart , germany ) the first round of the $ 500,000 atp stuttgart was affected by bad weather , with sixth seed ecuador number one lapentti 's first round being delayed to july 16th . the wimbledon open quarterfinalist would meet italian player gaudenzi tomorrow .
the results of today 's matches : fifth seed pavel of romania beat hrbaty of slovakia 6-3 , 1-6 , 6-3 .
spain 's mantilla entered the second round , beating german knippschild 6-3 and 6-1 ; romanian voinea overpowered frenchman dupuis 6-4 and 6-2 .
defending champion and second seed kuerten of brazil will meet austrian koubek in his first match tomorrow , hoping to compete for the third title here .
this will be his first match since the french open where he was defeated by the final champion costa in the fourth round .
7 killed , 15 wounded in israeli bus attack in west bank
( afp report from jerusalem ) an israeli military spokesman said that 7 people were killed and 15 others wounded on july 16th when an israeli bus was attacked by a bomb and gunfire in the emannel settlement in northern west bank .
the military spokesman said : " seven people were killed and about 15 wounded in the attack . "
but israeli media said that some 30 people were wounded and with 10 in serious condition .
an army spokeswoman said : " the attackers blew up a bombing device to attack the bus and then opened fire on it .
people in some vehicles close to the bus were also reportedly shot . "
the spokeswoman pointed out that reports said the palestinian attackers exchanged fires with the israeli soldiers but was not clear so far if the dead and the wounded people included palestinian attackers and israeli soldiers .
the spokeswoman said that before the bus attack the israeli military had got intelligence about the attack and then renewed a curfew in the nearby palestinian town of qalqilya .
the spokeswoman said that the intelligence got by the military claimed that a terrorist attack was being planned .
this was palestinian militants ' first deadly attack on the israelis over the past three week .
an attack against the israelis also occurred on 21st last month . a gunman attacked the itamr settlement in the west bank , killing five people including one mother and her three children .
dow jones index plunging 166 points following 7-straight-day low
( afp report from new york ) us stock market shook sharply tuesday , seeing a big slump and then a later rebounding after the opening trading but the stocks retreated in the closing session , with the dow jones industrial average dropping 166.08 points , or 1.92% , to close at 8,473.11 while the nasdaq index dropping slightly 7.36 points , or 0.53% , to close at 1,375.26 .
the standard &amp; amp ; poor 's 500 index fell 16.99 points , or 1.85% , to close at 900.94 .
stock prices slumped in an opening session following a one-week decline but the market rose with the nasdaq index going up temporarily after a senate hearing with federal reserve chairman greenspan .
however , the closing session saw three major indexes ' slump with the dow jones index remaining in low for 7 trading days in a row .
analyst holland from the holland investment fund said : " the market is now very nervous .
following two years of empty market , we encountered the 9.11 terrorist attacks and now face fears of terrorist attacks and corporate misdeeds . "
he added that in the current unfavorable circumstances , positive economic data and other profitable news were often likely to be neglected while much attention would be paid to minor unprofitable news .
us navy exempt of restrictive rules to protect sea mammals
( afp report from washington , d.c . ) after being granted immunity to american regulations aimed at protecting sea mammals such as whales and dolphins , the us navy has already removed obstacles to deploying the active low-frequency sonar system on two anti-submarine warships .
the decision by the us state general administration of sea and atmosphere has dealt a big blow to environmental organizations who firmly hold that the signals sent out by this type of sonar will do harm to the protected sea mammals .
us state general administration of sea and atmosphere found that the low-frequency sonar that was used for the long-distance monitoring of submarines would have little influence on sea mammals if used with some restrictions .
the statement issued by the state general administration of sea and atmosphere says : " the fishery bureau under the state general administration of sea and atmosphere ( according to the research and strict monitor conditions as well as strong relaxing measures it drew up for the navy ) is convinced that sea mammals are not likely to be harmed by this type of sonar and the sonar will only have little influence on current sea mammals . "
the restrictions on the us navy are to prevent the navy to use low-frequency sonar when there are sea mammals nearby and when it is close to the coastal lines or in designated protection zones .
meanwhile , the navy must continue relevant researches on the influence that low-frequency sonar has on sea mammals .
us house passes penalty law for corporate fraud following senate
( afp report from washington d.c . ) following the us senate , us house members yesterday voted to pass a law to punish corporate fraudulent practices to rebuild investors ' faltering confidence brought about by fraudulent accounting .
us senate passed a bill the day before yesterday , raising the prison term to 10 years for chiefs of companies involved in fraudulent accounting practices .
the bill that the house yesterday voted 391 against 28 to pass doubled the prison terms to 20 years to rid off bad guys in the business circle .
president of the house judiciary committee sensenbrenner said : " we must harshly punish bad guys of the companies to rebuild up american business sector 's sense of honor . "
under the bill , for white-collars ' fraudulent practices , the prison term could be raised to 20 year while the current prison term for the crime is only five years , which doubles that passed by the senate raised by sarbanes the day before yesterday .
the bill requires that company chiefs must ensure the correctness of financial reports to show a company 's current situation .
company chiefs who break the law or present fraudulent reports will be sentenced up to 20 years in prison or be fined 5 million us dollars .
according to the bill passed by the senate , company chiefs who violate the above-mentioned regulations may be sentenced to 10 years in prison and be fined 1-million us dollars .
the bill passed by the house also , for the first time , offers penalty for those who revenge on informers , especially on those who provide correct clues for the law-enforcement authorities .
president of german telecom sommer resigns
( afp report from bonn ) president of german telecom company sommer today resigned . he said that as he was not obviously fully trusted by the supervisory board of the german telecom , the resignation was his only choice .
german telecom company announced that former supervisory board chairman , 72-year-old tenzer , would become the interim president of the company for six months until sommer 's successor takes over his post .
speaking in a statement during a supervisory board special meeting in german telecom 's headquarters in bonn , sommer said : " i have requested the supervisory board to dismiss me . "
investors welcomed the announcement . german telecom 's stocks rose over 11% in the frankfurt stock exchange .
german telecom 's stocks then recovered to close at 11.18 euros , rising 8.54% .
as an election is due in two months while the support rate for the alliance government is low among the people , german chancellor schroeder seems to hope that millions of small stock holders of the german telecom will not lose their capital and support him when the stock prices hit a new low .
german financial ministry has welcomed sommer 's resignation decision .
apple computer 's profits shrink last quarter
( afp report from cupertino , california ) computer producer apple announced that its third-quarter net profit shrank to 32-million us dollars , a big decline compared with a $ 61-million profit during the same period of last year .
apple said that its earnings per share for the third quarter was 9 cents in average , far less than the 17 cents for the same period last year .
apple 's per share profit for the third quarter conformed to analysts ' earlier expectations .
apple computer that makes imacs series said that the business revenues during the third quarter of this year declined to 1.43-billion us dollars , a 3% drop from the corresponding period last year .
apple 's chief executive jobs said in a statement : " in spite of a sluggish world economy , apple still keeps making profits and innovations . "
apple pointed out that international sales accounted for 42% of its third-quarter revenues .
on the same day when apple announced last quarter 's revenues , intel announced to cut 4,000 employees due to failure to reach its anticipated profit target .
intel 's profit per share for the second quarter was two cents lower than the market expectation .
the technology sector has been in a low for nearly two years .
however , us federal reserve chairman greenspan told congress members on july 16th that the prospect of the technology sector is bright since overcapacity had vanished .
bus attack incident pounds middle-east peace talks
( afp report from emannel settlement , west bank ) palestinian militants ambushed a bus with bombs and gunfires in a jewish settlement here , killing seven people including a baby , dealing a big blow to international peace talks currently underway in new york .
israeli officials said that the ambush wounded at least 19 people with eight in severe conditions . three gunmen , reportedly wearing military uniforms , used bombs alongside a road to stop the bus and then opened fire at people fleeing the bus and nearby cars .
this was the first attack in israel within four weeks , with the location and ways same to the ambush in last december when eleven israelis were killed .
three radical groups have claimed responsibility for the ambush : the democratic front of the liberation of palestine , hamas militant group and aksa martyr brigade , a military wing of the fatah led by palestinian leader arafat .
israeli officials warned that the bus ambush dealt a big blow to the ongoing middle-east peace conference in new york and showed that arafat 's claim to carry out a large-scale shake-up of the palestinian self-ruled government was absolutely a lie .
boeing 's earnings higher than expected for large-scale defense business
( afp report from chicago ) boeing company announced that allowing for special items , the second quarter 's net profit reached 751-million us dollars , with booming businesses relating to defense plans and finance while businesses involving civilian planes and satellites were sluggish .
the figure did not include the four-cent non-recycling profit of defense sales , which means that one share makes a profit of 92 cents , topping the 80 cents expected by wall street stock analysts .
boeing company 's second quarter 's total revenues dropped 11% from last year 's 15.5-billion us dollars to reach 13.9-billion us dollars .
during the second quarter of 2001 , boeing , which is headquartered in chicago , netted 804-million us dollars , or 95 cents for one share .
boeing 's president and chief executive condit said : " i am satisfied with this quarter 's achievement . "
" we have got several important projects . our core business goes smoothly to lead to profits , surplus and the capital flow , " he said .
if not for the deduction of special items , the company 's net profits would have reached 779-million us dollars ( 96 cents per share ) while the profits were 840-million us dollars ( 99 cents per share ) in the second quarter of 2001 .
wto supports canada in dispute of us steel anti-dumping case
( afp report from ottawa ) the canadian government announced that the world trade organization had made a temporary decision on the anti-dumping dispute between canada and the united states , saying that it violates wto rules for a law made by washington to allow the us industries to impose penalty taxes on its foreign competitors .
canada , the european union and some other countries launched protests last year against the us byrd amendment act in the world trade organization .
the byrd amendment act was passed in the autumn of the year before last year .
the us congress imposed penalty taxes on american companies ' foreign competitors to help these american firms to make up for the prices ' deficits .
the decision by the wto yesterday dealt with the steel case - - what the byrd amendment act was trying to protect was the faltering us steel markets .
canada said that the amendment act not only imposed penalty taxes on canadian companies , but also gave extra profits to these companies ' american competitors , with the former violating the spirit of free trade .
however , the united states claimed that canada had given unfair subsidies to its steel industry and the byrd amendment act was only trying to position the two sides in a fair competing ground .
the canadian trade ministry said in a statement : " wto agreements which adopt these taxes under regulations have never thought of this kind of remedial methods . "
bangkok food conference to be held next week to discuss rice production decline
( afp report from rome ) sixty-one governmental officials will meet next week in bangkok to discuss the tendency of the world 's rice production decline that is increasingly becoming a concern .
rice expert chen da from the rome-based un food and agricultural organization ( fao ) said : " the growth rate of the rice production is now increasingly slowing . "
" the stagnation of production in many asian countries , the restrictions on expansion of arable land and the lack of water resources for the expansion of rice-growing lands are the major factors preventing the growth of rice 's production , " chen da pointed out .
decision-makers and rice experts will take part in the 20th session of the world rice committee from july 23rd to july 26th .
experts will meet in the thai capital of bangkok to discuss why rice 's annual production growth rate dropped to 1.1% in 1990s from 2.3% in 1980s .
un fao contributed the decline partly to the lack of research and development investment on the irrigation facilities and the rice research work over the past few years .
un fao pointed out that rice was the world 's most important agricultural product and the most powerful weapon to fight worldwide famine .
more than 4  5 of the world 's rice is produced and consumed by low-earning and small-scale farm families in the developing countries .
the fao pointed out that more than half of the world 's population depends on rice as the major source of daily heat and protein needed by the body .
house panel releases investigation report on intelligence work before 9.11
( afp report from washington d.c . ) a us house panel committee dealing with terrorism and homeland security today released an investigation report on intelligence work before the 9.11 terrorist attacks , which killed over 3,000 people .
chairman of the panel committee , chambliss , said : " the intelligence failure of 9.11 was due to the restriction of intelligence work resources in 1990s . in addition , there are mostly problems with the decision of fund priorities , resulting in the serious fault . "
the secret report has nothing to do with the investigation of the intelligence departments by the senate and the house , which mainly focused on whether intelligence agents neglected any expected intelligence about the 9.11 terrorist attacks .
the house ' report issued today conducted investigations on , through a series of open hearings and secret statements , if agencies such as the fbi , the cia and us national security bureau had capabilities of detecting terrorists ' plans and intentions .
according to chambliss , the investigation by his terrorism and homeland security panel found that the cia " has long been lacking foreign language capability and special core anti-terrorism training " while the fbi was not keeping pace with the times , restricted by out-of-date intelligence-gathering technology in addition with the lacking of language and analysis ability .
us defense department considers using conventional warheads on intercontinental ballistic missiles
( afp report from washington d.c . ) director of the defense threat reduction agency under the us defense department , younger , said today that the defense department was considering using conventional warheads on the intercontinental ballistic missiles to attack targets carrying biological warheads like the scud missiles .
speaking of the benefits of using the ballistic missiles , younger said that the speed of these missiles could reach faraway targets .
" for example , from the satellite , if we find that the enemy is ready to launch a scud missile and the missile is believed to carry bio-chemical warheads , you must expect to destroy it before it is launched , " he said .
he said that if there are no fighter jets nearby to destroy the scud missile with their short-distance missiles then the conventional missiles are another option .
" if conventional warheads can not be set up for any reason , other abilities and means should be taken in the air fight , " younger said .
younger said that the defense department had made some efforts to develop this type of conventional long-distance missile .
he also admitted that there were still many problems to be settled , however .
he said : " there are some alarm problems . we should ensure that this is not for a nuclear attack .
this is a matter of flying over other countries , many of which do n't expect the missiles to fly over their territories . in addition , the issue of where to launch the missiles should also be resolved . "
" as for what kind of weapons should be targeted , i think long-distance missiles with conventional warheads are currently the most convenient targets , " he said .
al-qaeda network may develop bio-chemical weapons outside afghanistan
( afp report from washington d.c . ) a senior us defense department official said that the al-qaeda network might try to set up basic equipments outside afghanistan , making efforts to produce biological agents and develop biological or chemical weapons .
director of the defense threat reduction agency under the us defense department , younger , said : " the al-qaeda network has been attempting to acquire the ability to produce weapons of mass destruction . "
" we they 've had small equipments in afghanistan to make this kind of weapons . of course , they should also have this capability in other fields , " he said .
however , younger admitted that us defense department had not substantial evidence .
" but the pentagon has the concern . as for the organization , it touches every corner of the world , with wealth and channels linking to individuals or countries with advanced technological ability , " he said .
" this is worth observing and noticing . "
he said that in afghanistan terrorist groups had already assembled parts , carrying out plans of constructing basic facilities producing bio-chemical weapons like the anthrax .
younger said that the us army had discovered signs of bio-chemical weapons during their search of al-qaeda groups ' sites in the afghan war .
" they have attempted to develop this ability , but there was no great progress yet .
however , this was in afghanistan . "
he said that the al-qaeda network was also interested in chemical weapons and was collecting basic information for making nuclear weapons .
younger said that the facilities needed for a nuclear bombing requires state-scale resources but " the al-qaeda group is very weak in this regard " .
" however , bio-chemical weapons are different , " he said , " it may most probably be developed by using local technology in an ordinary-sized laboratory . "
us president bush condemns tel aviv suicide bombing attack
( afp report from washington d.c . ) us president bush has condemned a suicide bombing attack in downtown tel aviv , which killed five people including the attacker himself and wounded about 40 others .
speaking in a statement , bush said : " i express my deepest sympathy and condolences to the families of those killed or wounded in today 's ( july 17th ) tel aviv suicide bombing attack and yesterday 's ( july 16th ) attack in the west bank . "
he condemned these " despicable terrorist actions " in the statement .
" terrorist violence targeted against the israelis once again claimed innocent people 's lives , " he said .
bush stressed : " peace can not be based on violence which victimizes the innocent . "
he said that currently " the extensive international consensus , for instance , this week 's talks in washington and new york , shows that it is necessary to support the palestinian reform , deal with palestinian people 's emergency humanitarian needs and resume the momentum of settling the israeli-palestinian issue " .
the middle-east issue international diplomatic quartet members , the us , un , eu and russia , reached an agreement the day before yesterday in the new york conference to support bush 's call to establish a palestinian state within three years , which the palestinian self-ruled government welcomed , saying the move was " encouraging and balanced " .
palestinian militants , disguising as israeli soldiers , ambushed a bus near a west bank settlement the day before yesterday , killing eight israelis , including a 9-month-old baby .
baywatch actresses traci bingham barred entry to restaurant in bikini
( afp report from paris ) one of the actresses in the us tv series " baywatch " , traci bingham , was barred from entering a paris restaurant by the owner when she attempted to encourage vegetarianism as she showed up in bikini only .
although traci did not obtain a seat in the aupiedducochon restaurant , she got her point across surrounded by a group of photographers .
the reporters had earlier been informed that she was ready to stage a protest against slaughtering animals .
posing outside a nearby butcher 's shop , traci said : " i have been a vegetarian for 10 years and i am very healthy . "
the protest was part of the movement of " showing your mercy to adapt to vegetarianism " organized by the organization of " animal-loving people " .
the us-based animal rights group used nude photos of renowned people in 1999 to call on consumers to boycott eating meat .
hayami says japan 's economic recovery momentum most likely to lose
( afp report from tokyo ) governor of the bank of japan hayami said that japan 's economic recovery momentum was most likely to lose due to japanese firms ' excessive employees , huge debts and a strong japanese yen .
hayami told a japanese diet committee : " currently , due to excessive employees and existing high debt pressure , the sustaining momentum for japanese economy 's recovery is most likely to lose . "
" due to the slumping stock markets , especially the us stock market and us dollars ' sustaining weakness , the exporting environment supporting the japanese economy is still uncertain , " he added .
he said : " japan 's stock market has been declining since mid-june , with the us dollar devaluating against the japanese yen .
if the stock market fluctuates greatly , it will have negative effect on japan 's economy .
we must keep a close watch on the development of the financial market . "
japanese stock market 's nikkei index today shed 295.9 or 2.8% to close at 10,202.36 .
at 4pm ( 17:00 taipei time ) the exchange rate was one us dollar against 116 japanese yen , lower than new york 's 116.63-69 yen and yesterday 's 116.97-117 yen in tokyo . and it once hit 115.73 yen .
research finds non-breast breeding and fewer births lead to higher rate of breast cancer
( afp report from paris ) according to the results based on data of 30 developing countries , women with fewer births and short period of breast breeding or non-breast-breeding at all have higher rate of getting breast cancer .
researchers analyzed 47 reports on birth and breast breeding involving 97,000 healthy women and 50,000 others with breast cancers .
they pointed out in the latest edition of british medical weekly " the lancet " to be published on july 20th that women with breast cancer have an average of 2.2 children , fewer than the 2.6 of the healthy woman .
in addition , 29% of the patients have never adopted breast breading while the figure stands at 21% of the healthy women .
among those who have practiced breast breeding , breast cancer patients have shorter period of breast breeding , about 10 months , than the healthy women while the latter have an average of 16 months .
the author of the report said in his conclusion : " the longer breast-breeding is , the lower breast cancer rate there is . "
earlier researches have pointed out that giving birth helps women keep breast cancer away .
in addition , people also think that breast breeding is helpful to women but there are never any statistics to support the idea .
the research result to be published on " the lancet " is conducted and led by researcher brayer of the oxford-based " british cancer research institution " .
ten peacekeeping personnel killed in uganda 's big traffic accident
( afp report from kampala ) police said that an uncontrolled truck carrying oil collided with a bus in west uganda , killing about 60 people including 10 foreign peacekeeping personnel .
police chief in the busini region aukero told the press that according to news from the posts along the border of the republic of congo , 10 foreign peacekeeping personnel were aboard the bus collided with the oil tanker .
a un mission troop was deployed in congo . they were made up of military observers and non-military personnel from several countries .
earlier reports said that the 10 foreigners aboard the bus were visitors .
aukero said : " the 10 peacekeeping personnel included one kenyan and two indians and the rest were europeans . "
the accident took place in rututo , 360 kilometers west of the capital kampala . on the afternoon of july 18th , an oil tanker with faulty brakes collided with a bus from s.b security tourism company .
passengers aboard the two vehicles were all burned to death .
police spokesman mukinyee said : " nobody survived . we can do nothing . all the people have been engulfed by the fire . we can only clean the site . "
" we estimate that there were about 60 passengers aboard the bus , " he added .
british foreign secretary straw in new delhi for talks to ease tension in south asia
( afp report from new delhi ) british foreign and commonwealth secretary straw has begun talks with indian officials , which is the new round of diplomatic initiative aimed at easing the tensions in south asia .
straw and indian national security advisor mishra held a one-hour talk , but did not make any comment .
now there is no arrangement for straw to hold talks with indian prime minister vajpayee or deputy prime minister advani . officials gave no explanation .
however , indian press speculated that new delhi was getting more and more tired with the report that india was pressing pakistani president musharraf to stop militant rebels to enter indian-controlled kashmir .
an indian newspaper also said that new delhi was angered when its request of branding pakistan as a terrorist country was refuted immediately by washington .
after the talks with mishra , straw is expected to meet the indian business circle to discuss the trade issues between britain and india and then he will meet indian foreign minister singh and hold a press conference this afternoon .
ending his third tour of india this year , straw will leave for islamabad on the morning of july 20th to hold talks with pakistani leaders .
lance bass of boy band n sync expected to realizes space tour dream
( afp report from los angeles ) us nasa officials disclosed that member of the " boy band n sync " singer idol , lance bass , had been short listed as a candidate by russian space agency for a space tour later this year .
russian space agency last week pointed out in a letter to nasa that russian aerial and space agency had formally listed " boy band n sync " member lance bass to board the russian " united " spaceship in the future .
nasa spokesman brax said : " we have received the letter from the russian space agency , saying lance has been listed as the third member of the united spaceship scheduled to be launched in october . "
" this is only the first step , " he said .
lance bass must complete the space tour contract with russia and then needs to be approved by the transnational space panel in charge of the international space station .
the panel discussed lance 's application during a meeting earlier this week in canada .
lance bass is seeking to become the third space tourist after american millionaire tito and south african entrepreneur shuttleworth realized their space travel dreams last and this april respectively .
moussaoui shocks court to plead guilty ; judge delays verdict for one week
( afp report from alexandra , virginia ) french national moussaoui , on charges of conspiracy in last year 's 9.11 terrorist attacks , shocked the court by seeking to plead guilty but a us federal judge refused his request to give him one week to reconsider .
moussaoui said : " i hope to plead guilty .
i know who launched the attack , which group and who took part in .
this will help to save my life .
i confess to be ' loyal ' to osama bin laden . i am a member of the al-qaeda . "
moussaoui refused law representative to defend him .
judge brinkema said : " you are pleading guilty to the crimes the government charges you .
you have changed your minds for countless times before and now on behalf of you once again , i will not plead guilty . "
brinkema has arranged a new trail on july 25th to give moussaoui one week for consideration .
moussaoui was arrested last august on charges of breaking the immigration rules and then was charged in december with conspiracy to commit international terrorism , of hijacking , attempting to destroy an aircraft and using weapons of mass destruction .
the four counts of federal conspiracy charges will make him to face death penalty .
jordan and israel contact informally for plans to build a dead sea canal
( afp report from amman ) mediated by a third party , jordan and israel are making informal contact to revive a joint plan to save the dead sea from going dry .
secretary of the jordanian valley authority general alien said on 19th 's jordanian times : " we have not held discussions with the israeli authorities for the current stage , but we are trying to resume the project called the red sea-the dead sea canal through informal contacts and communication . "
alien told the jordanian times that those contacts were mostly mediated by the world bank and the us international development agency .
environmental experts have been warning that the surface of the dead sea has been declining in a fast speed and it is now the world 's lowest land .
geological professor sharen from the jordanian university pointed out in november 2000 that the surface of the dead sea was 392 meters lower than the sea level forty years ago and now it dropped to 412 meters lower than the sea level .
" if the decline continues , 1  3 of the dead sea will go dry in ten years and only 650 square kilometers of water area will remain while at the beginning of the 1960s the sea covered 1,000 square kilometers . "
the plan to dig a canal from the southern tip of the red sea to go through the dead sea has been in place for several years , but it has been suspended until now due to the outbreak of conflicts and violence between israel and the palestinians .
the territories between jordan , israel and the palestinians are all bordered with the dead sea so any plan to save the dead sea needs the cooperation between the three countries .
the dead sea has a very high degree of salt density and no creature can live in it .
" the dead sea is a unique scenic spot of the earth , it does not belong to jordan , the palestine or israel but a part of the world 's heritage , " said alien .
powell strengthens efforts to settle moroccan-spanish dispute over small island
( afp report from washington d.c . ) us officials said that us secretary of state powell has made a spate of diplomatic calls in an attempt to settle the dispute between morocco and spain over a small island in the mediterranean sea .
officials said that they hoped that powell 's diplomatic calls could lead to an agreement soon . powell made at least 13 calls last night with senior officials of spain and morocco .
a senior state department official who declined to be named said : " we are waiting to decide every detail that we hope can reach a settlement . "
another official said that powell 's plan was to expect spain and morocco to withdraw all the " guards , flags or things that symbolize sovereignty from the island " to resume what it used to be two weeks ago when the only residents on the island were several goats .
officials said that once the plan is fulfilled , the two countries would hold ministerial talks to end the dispute .
on july 11th , a small number of moroccan soldiers landed on the island , claiming sovereignty over it , which forced spain to send soldiers to drive them away .
two koreas open historic air route despite of navy conflict
( afp report from seoul ) south korean officials said that despite of a small-scale sea skirmish between south and north koreas one month ago in the yellow sea the two sides still opened a historic airway between the two koreas .
the flight route connects seondeok airport near north korea 's sinpo and south korea 's yangyang airport , both in the east coastal area .
officials said that this was the first direct flight route formally authorized by the two sides .
according to an official statement , a passenger plane of north korea 's " air korea " arrived at the yangyang airport through the route this morning .
in order to bypass the sensitive military dividing line between the two koreas , the plane arrived after flying 915 kilometers , taking 85 minutes .
fourteen crewmembers and no passengers were aboard the air korea chartered plane when it arrived in south korea . during its return flight , it took 8 people , including engineers and project chiefs of the " korean peninsular energy development organization " .
the korean energy development organization ( kedo ) is an international organization led by the united states , which is in charge of the establishment of a nuclear power plant in north korea in return for north korea 's freezing its nuclear weapons project under the 1994 us-north korean agreement .
the international organization reached an agreement with north korea in this january to open an airway between seondeok and yangyang to help the organization to complete its plan to build a plant in north korea 's sinpo .
before today , the two koreas only opened airway off the western coast for temporary needs .
the above-mentioned flight will open irregular flights to reinforce the sea flight route between south korea 's sokcho and north korea 's sinpo to transport workers and equipment to kedo 's working sites .
air korea is the only one to be authorized to use the new flight route .
body of the assassinated dutch far rightist leader fortuyn transferred to italy
( afp report from rome ) the body of holland 's far rightist and anti-immigration political leader fortuyn who was assassinated in this may , was reburied in a cemetery near his villa in italy .
fortuyn had his second home in northwest italy 's san giorgio richinvelda village . before he died he hoped that he would be buried there .
however , after fortuyn 's assassination in may he was temporarily buried in his family 's cemetery in holland 's driehuis due to administrative procedure delay .
his body was taken out and flied to italy on the morning of 21st . a religious service was held shortly afterwards with hundreds people taking part in .
his coffin was placed in a special white marble cemetery .
54-year-old fortuyn was assassinated 9 days before holland 's election when he was expected to make a big breakthrough to enter the political mainstream .
after fortuyn 's assassination , his former baseless party won quite unexpectedly in may 15th 's election , becoming the second largest party in holland 's parliament .
as a new star in holland 's political arena , fortuyn launched a strong far-rightist anti-immigration wave during the election .
us congressmen raise a bill to set up sci-tech unit to prevent terrorist attacks
( afp report from washington d.c . ) us congressmen are planning to call up sci-tech experts to join in a defense group like the national militias to safeguard the country 's communication systems from terrorist attacks .
us senate passed a bill on july 19th , preparing for the establishment of the " national emergency sci-tech defense unit " , whose members will be dedicated to preventing terrorist attacks on nationwide communication facilities .
the bill is called " sci-tech emergency call-up law " , which also requires setting up a governmental organization to coordinate safe sci-tech shared ways and to authorize allocating 35-million us dollars to draw up an emergency communication project .
the bill also suggests establishing a " simulating sci-tech database " made up of private facilities to be leased to the government in the event of emergency .
the bill was raised jointly by virginian republican senator allen and oregon 's democrat senator weiden . allen told reporters : " the bill makes us a step forward to important sci-tech reinforcement measures . to upgrade the national security at the local and federal level , it is a necessary step . "
the house has passed similar programs as part of the national security plan . the two plans must be coordinated and then go to president bush for ratification .
holland 's three-party-alliance government sworn in today
( afp report from hague ) the central-far new government led by the christian democratic party leader balkenende was sworn in before dutch queen beatrix today .
two months after the election , the three-party-alliance government included the party established by fortuyn who was assassinated .
fortuyn , a gay , was famous for his anti-immigration policy , claiming that the inflow of muslims into holland would pose threats to the nation 's free social traditions .
after his assassination , his party won voters ' support in the may 15th election to snatch 26 seats , second to the christian democratic party led by balkenende . the christian democratic party won 43 seats , becoming the parliament 's biggest party .
the christian democratic party will hold five ministerial posts in the new cabinet , including the foreign minister , who is expected to be the party 's former leader scheffer .
ironically , the anti-immigration fortuyn party will present a first overseas-born , in surinam , to be the home affairs minister .
in addition , the party will also get the appointment of the newly established foreigners ' policy and employment coordination minister .
the new government 's economic minister , transport minister and health minister will also be the party 's members .
there is only one woman in the new cabinet with hoeven to be the education minister .
the new alliance government is likely to adopt some of fortuyn 's suggestions to impose strict restrictions on immigration , strengthen the crackdown on crimes and focus on economic saving measures .
un experts say indonesian legal system worse than expected
( afp report from jakarta ) a un inspector described indonesia 's legal system as one of the worst he had ever seen , just like the one of mexico .
the jakarta post quoted un judge and lawyer as well as independent reporter cumaraswamy as saying : " i never expected the situation to be worse than what i 've seen . "
malaysian national cumaraswamy is in indonesia for a 10-day inspection tour of indonesia 's legal systems .
however , he is not available now to comment on the report .
since his arrival in indonesia on 15th this month , he has met several indonesia 's supreme court judges , foreign minister wirajuda , chief prosecutor 's office staff and ngo leaders .
the jakarta post quoted cumaraswamy as saying that for a country with the same size and sustaining economic development like indonesia , " i think that we should not have allowed the situation to develop like this . "
the reporter said that indonesia lacked political willingness to reform its legal systems . he will report his findings to the next annual meeting of the un human rights commission scheduled to be held next april .
an indonesian business court ruled recently that the indonesian branch of the canadian-based manufacturers life insurance company to go bankrupt . the move shocked foreign investors , but this was only the latest one of a series of strange rulings in indonesia .
the indonesian government is investigating whether the three judges who made the ruling had taken any bribe .
the ruling was finally refuted by the supreme court .
more and more foreign investors in indonesia are turning to courts in singapore and other places for judicial rulings to protect their interests .
worldcom 's application for bankruptcy not to affect its major firms
( afp report from new york ) sidgmore , chief executive of worldcom , which filed for bankruptcy on 21st this month , said today that although it had filed for bankruptcy protection the telecom giant would make efforts to keep major enterprises under it intact .
sidgmore told reporters one day after worldcom filed for bankruptcy to new york 's manhattan bankruptcy court that the company was expected to receive bankruptcy protection at least until the first quarter of 2003 .
he said that as worldcom would seek to keep its major firms away from influences , he hoped that the process of the company 's restructuring would speed up .
" this does not mean that we will give up some businesses but those will only be sideline businesses of the major firms , " he said .
he said that worldcom would be dedicated to reduce 3  4 of its $ 30-billion debt .
he said that he doubted whether the company would report its second-quarter business revenues on 25th this month according to the original plan .
the company filed for bankruptcy on july 23rd in accordance with the 11th chapter of american bankruptcy law . under the bankruptcy protection , the company could keep its operation while drawing up plans to pay the debt
if one additional request of the bankruptcy protection application is approved , worldcom will receive 2-billion us dollars for restructuring to enable it to continue operation .
mello succeeds robison to become un high commissioner of human rights
( afp report from un headquarters ) brazilian diplomat mello on july 22nd took over irish mary robinson 's post as the un high commissioner of human rights .
the un general assembly will meet on july 23rd to vote and ratify the motion by un secretary-general annan to nominate mello as the un high commissioner for human rights .
mello will take office on september 12th in the geneva-based un human rights headquarters .
robinson used to be a lawyer and the first woman president of ireland .
she never compromised in dealing with controversial issues , especially the middle-east issue .
the israeli authorities refused her to send inspectors to investigate the one-week battle between the israeli military and the hard-line palestinian militants in the jenin refugee camp in this april .
during her term of the high commissioner for human rights , the united states lost its seat in the un human rights commission but regained it the next year .
54-year-old mello is a veteran un diplomat , who once dedicated philosophy in rio de janeiro and paris .
his latest mission was the un special envoy to east timor .
he was once un deputy refugee high commissioner , un chief administer in kosovo and deputy secretary-general of un human rights affairs .
american human rights group " human rights watch " welcomed mello 's appointment but warned that mello would face severe challenges , " human rights protection " and " current new world human rights crisis . "
executive director jose of the human rights watch said in a statement : " mello is an excellent diplomat and has working background in the un , but he lacks practical human rights working experiences . "
" the problems confronting him is to firm his stand before all the governments around the world and speaks for the persecuted people . "
us defense ministry to investigate leakage of plans to attack iraq
( afp report from washington d.c . ) us defense secretary rumsfeld confirmed that he had ordered a probe into whether anyone in the pentagon had leaked plans of a us possible attack on iraq to the new york times .
he had required defense ministry officials to help investigators to find out and bring to justice the one who leaked the classified intelligence to the newspaper .
new york times reported on july 5th that the united states would launch a large-scale attack against iraq involving the army , navy and the air force .
" i think anyone who may be close to the war plans is obliged not to leak or tell other people of the plans because that will be dangerous , " said rumsfeld .
he said : " if anyone begin to take the war plans for granted , thinking these are just like paper planes flying all over in the room . anybody wants it he will gets it .
i think this attitude angers people and is unforgivable and the doer should be put into prison . "
the new york times quoted someone who is familiar with the plan as saying that decision-makers in the tampa-based us central military command in florida were discussing the war plan .
rumsfeld said that even he could not confirm that the war plan existed or not because whether he , his assistant wolfowitz or chairman of joint chiefs of staff , general myers , have never seen the plan .
in addition , chief of the central command , general franks , has never seen the paper .
however , he said that even there was possibility for the leakage of secret intelligence , us air force officials had every reason to launch the investigation .
rumsfeld said : " i think the leakage of secrets are intolerable and very terrible so i decide to investigate the case no matter at any cost . "
us to launch largest-scale simulating military exercise
( afp report from washington d.c . ) the three-week largest-scale military exercise on american land in history will begin on july 24th .
there are 26 sites involving about 13,500 people to take part in the " 2002 millennium challenge " , a computer simulating and live war game .
two military commands participated in the exercise , one in norfolk of virginia and the other in san diego of california .
general commander general klan who coordinated the alliance command of the army , navy and the air force said that the war game " includes everything from cracking down on terrorism , opening possible major battle field to the threats between the two . "
general klan said that the exercise would cost about 250-million us dollars , including " lessons " learnt from the afghanistan war and was aimed at decreasing the risks of harming friendly troops and militias .
in the internet age , enemies from all sides know america 's weak points . the pentagon thinks that access to the war equipment and intelligence can better position itself in knowledge .
nearly 80% of the exercise will be conducted by the largest-scale computer simulation in history . " 2002 millennium challenge " is the largest of its kind in history and also the most complicated war game .
" we will provide military decision-makers and plans ' carriers to better see rivals ' positions , battlefield space and the crisis resolving methods including the preemptive strikes , " said general klan .
the exercise also included the " enemy " hackers attempted to invade military computers and unmanned planes to monitor the navy 's movement during its amphibious attacks or the movement of the army aboard high-speed ships , even monitor the damages of the missiles ' launching basement or other storehouses of weapons of mass destruction .
us state department , treasure department , energy department and the central intelligence agency as well as some other governmental agencies will all take part in the war game .
european markets reach record low following wall street 's slump
( afp report from london ) european stock markets recorded a new low in the morning trading terrified by the recent corporate fraudulent accounting and the all share sales due to the disappointment on the losses of the world 's stock markets .
in the euro region 's 12 countries , in today 's morning trading , euro region 's stock index shed 4.6% to 2,345.6 points .
the stock index once went down to 2,332.8 points earlier , the lowest point over the past four years , bringing the stock market to plunge 40% since the beginning of this year , slumping 18% last week alone .
in the asian region , tokyo 's stock market slumped 2.6% while hong kong 's stock market shedding 3.1% earlier .
stock markets all plunged following wall street 's big slump yesterday .
the dow jones industrial average index fell 1.1% while the technology-heavy nasdaq index fell 4.2% .
meanwhile , the future market that began later today expected the us stocks to be in trouble again .
securities analysts pointed out : " investors have little confidence .
every time when the stock market seems to reach the bottom , it fell 5% again . "
analysts pointed out that the stock slump was partly the result of the latest share sales and it was also because the markets had people to seek to reduce their prices in order to interfere in other possible sales .
bayer stocks fall due to delay of anti-erection dysfunction drug 's launch in us markets
( afp report from leverkusen , germany ) german drug manufacturing giant bayer company said that its newly developed anti-erection dysfunction drug , vardenafil , which can compete with pfizer 's viagra , had overcome the major first obstacle to be traded in the us market but it must carry out further pharmacological research .
bayer said in a statement that it had received a notice from the us food and drug agency ( fda ) to approve its anti-erection dysfunction vardenafil to be listed in the market .
bayer pointed out that the fda requested to carry out further clinical research before approving vardenafil to be traded in the market .
now the listing of vardenafil in the us , the world 's largest drug market , is expected to be delayed to 2003 .
a bayer spokesman said that bayer had expected to present vardenafil in the us during the second half of this year .
investors were not happy with the obstruction of bayer 's new medicine . in the light trading frankfurt stock market , bayer 's stocks fell 1.73 euros to close at 23.6 euros , falling 6.83% .
bayer company , which expected vardenafil 's annual sales volume to top 1-billion euros , has been expecting the new medicine to make up for the loss for recalling its cholesterol reducing , lipobay .
bayer announced to merge lipobay last autumn .
bayer said that currently vardenafil had been presented in several latin american markets and had applied for listing to authorities of the world 's major markets .
british pharmaceutical glaxosmithkline factory will be responsible for vardenafil 's sales in the us .
chief of bayer 's drug producing department priskekai said : " bayer and glaxosmithkline will speed up to present vardenafil and deeply believe that the drug can offer a new alternative to millions of men . "
white house harshly criticizes israeli attack on gaza strip
( afp report from washington d.c . ) us president bush has harshly criticized israel 's attack on the gaza strip , during which 15 palestinians were killed .
white house spokesman fleischer said : " the president has said that israel must be cautious about the result of such operation . "
fleischer pointed out that bush thought " the iron-handed repression does not help peace talks " .
fleischer said that washington was regretful about the loss of lives of the innocent people and said that bush " today will express , through formal channel " his stand on the issue .
an israeli f-16 fighter jet fired a missile at a residential area in the gaza city on the night of 22nd , killing 15 innocent civilians including 8 children .
during the operation in the gaza city , israel killed palestinian militant group hamas ' leader shehada and his bodyguards . the attack on the gaza city was aimed at killing shehada .
fleischer said : " the president safeguards israel 's rights to protect itself without hesitation .
but as for the incident , the president has expressed his stand and i 've give the explanation . "
us defense department confirms attacks on southern iraq by british-us allied forces
( afp report from washington d.c . ) the us military has confirmed that british-us air forces bombed communication facilities in southern iraq . the military said that there were no casualty reports from britain and the united states .
us central command said in a statement that the bombing operation was retaliation for iraq 's recent hostile counterattacks against british and us air forces , 65 similar incidents being reported this year .
the statement said : " the allied air forces attacked wireless relay stations and communication facilities in southern iraq with precise weapons . "
the statement did not mention that it was the us or british or the two countries ' fighter jets launched the attacks .
earlier , an iraqi military source told a state-run tv station that during the british-us bombing operation , one iraqi was killed and 22 others injured .
the spokesman said that the air raids were targeted at the " civilian facilities " in the kuter region of the qadisiya province , 170 kilometers south of baghdad .
international shipping report shows increase of sea piracy
( afp report from london ) the international marine board ( imb ) said in a report that the worldwide sea piracy increased 3.6% , from 165 cases during the first half of 2001 to 171 in the same period of 2002 .
the imb report issued every half-year said that the dangerous sea areas were in sea areas of indonesia , bangladesh 's outer sea , southern red sea and the strait of malacca between indonesia 's sumatra and the western coast of malaysia .
sea piracy cases occurring in the above-mentioned five sea areas accounted for 50% of the world 's total during the first half of 2002 with six sailors killed and 21 others injured .
indonesia 's sea area was continuously regarded as the most dangerous place in the world with 44 sea pirate cases occurring during the first half of this year , same to the robbery cases of the first half of 2001 .
india 's sea area ranked the second with 12 pirates cases taking place , only one case fewer than 13 of the first half of 2001 .
bangladesh ranked the third with 11 cases against 15 last year .
the report said that the two countries reinforced sea patrol , dramatically reducing the sea pirate cases around their sea areas .
the pirate cases in the strait of malacca reduced to 9 during the first half of this year from 14 of 2001 .
for ships sailing to japan , the strait of malacca is a route that is very dangerous but can not bypass .
ranking the fifth , the southern red sea was the only place of the five most dangerous sea areas that saw pirate cases increasing during the first half of this year compared with the last year , from 7 cases to 9 .
outside the asian region , nigerian sea area saw the most pirate cases , totaling 8 cases , more than the six during the first half of last year .
the imb report showed that as for the whole year , 2001 saw a total of 365 sea pirate cases , 104 fewer than in 2000 .
makiko tanaka refutes report of misuse of parliament assistants ' salary
( afp report from tokyo ) former japanese foreign minister makiko tanaka , who is popular among voters , has abruptly refuted the misuse of the parliament assistants ' salary granted by the government in the diet 's political ethics special committee .
speaking at today 's political ethics discussion meeting , makiko tanaka said : " the rumor is totally false . "
the discussion meeting , for the first time , opened to the press .
reports about tanaka suddenly came out recently , accusing her of misusing the salary given to her parliament assistants .
these assistants were hired from her family 's bus company in her constituency , the nagaoka county , 200 kilometers north of tokyo .
when asked to explain in details how to use her assistants ' salary , she answered : " i do n't know because i do n't care petty things . "
today 's discussion meeting lasted two hours . tanaka 's former major political ally , japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi was unsatisfied with the result of the meeting .
koizumi told reporters in his residence : " i only watched fragments of the meeting but my initial impression is the suspicions are not ruled out .
she must take an honest attitude to clear her suspicion . "
citing nagaoka 's local culture , tanaka explained why she hired employees of her family firm to be her parliament assistants .
she claimed that these employees did not want to quit their jobs in the bus company because the company was the best local business .
the 18-member political ethics committee of the ruling liberty democratic party in june gave tanaka a 2-year-rights-suspention penalty for her refusal of cooperation in the investigation of her rumors .
us government issues first hydro-battery vehicle license to honda cars
( afp report from tokyo ) american honda company said that it had received the first hydro-battery license issued by the us government to pave the way for the commercialization of honda 's cars .
american honda said that us environmental protection department and california 's air resources committee ruled that honda 's fcx hydro-battery vehicle had met various of standards .
assistant chief of the bureau of air and radiation control under the us environmental protection department helms ted said in a statement : " this is an important milestone of the motor industries , which have promised to offer american people more clean air . "
" although much needs to be done to make hydro-battery motors to enter the mainstream of transportation , the issuance of the first license is a major step , " he said .
honda plans to present about 30 this kind of environmentally friendly fcx motors to undergo two to three years of tests .
american honda 's deputy executive president alerter said : " the license allows honda to assemble hydro-battery motors to go into business operation . "
us house passes $ 28.9 billion anti-terrorist war emergency budget
( afp report from washington d.c . ) us house has passed a 28.9-billion-us-dollar anti-terrorist war emergency budget , including a new package of aid to help israel prevent new suicide bombing attacks .
the bill also strictly forbids the us-un cooperation on the international war tribunal set up for the prosecution of ethnic genocide and other anti-humanitarian crimes .
the act was passed in a vote of 397 to 32 after a short discussion last night .
the additional budge request has been coordinated in the senate , which is most likely to approve it .
half of the additional budget , $ 14.5-billion , will be allocated to the defense department .
in addition , 3.8-billion us dollars will be used to improve the safety of us airports , another 5.5 billion dollars will be used to help the reconstruction of new york after the 9.11 terrorist attack and an extra 175-million dollars will be allocated to the fbi for anti-terrorism .
due to the increasing suicide bombing attacks targeted at israel , the bill gives the jewish state 200-million us dollars in extra aid to help crack down on terrorism .
residents in the west bank and the gaza strip will get 50-million us dollars in humanitarian aid , but the bill strictly forbids offering aid to the palestinian self-ruled government .
the bill included an aid package worth 110-million us dollars to former soviet states , mainly going to kirghizstan , uzbekistan and tajikistan . the three countries allowed the us to use their bases during the afghanistan war .
however , the bill , at the same time , restricts us participation in international peacekeeping mission unless the us army enjoys the right of judicial immunity .
australia announces restriction on ships near the great barrier reef
( afp report from sydney ) two years after a tanker run on rocks near australia 's great barrier reef , australia announced a project to restrict ships to get close to the reef , the nature 's spectacular scenic spot .
australia 's transport minister anderson said the project would improve ships ' safety and prevent the 2,300 kilometer-long reefs from being destroyed .
australia 's great barrier reef is the world 's largest living creature .
" the great barrier reef is a unique sea environment and also australia 's biggest natural resources , " said anderson .
after tanker bunga teratai colliding with the reef in november 2000 , the evaluation report by the committee of ship safety and pollution prevention suggests that the australian government to implement the ban .
the suggestions raised by the committee after the evaluation mainly included forced navigation measures in the torres strait of northern great barrier reef and the exclusion of a favorite southward route from the gloucester island .
the evaluation also proposes supporting the ban of single-shell tankers to prevent crude oil leakage .
" although many proposals still need multilateral negotiations , the australian government , in principle , supports the proposals , " said anderson .
anderson announced the measure two days after scientists warned that the record high temperature of the sea surface in the recent months has done great harm to the great barrier reef , which has become a world heritage .
north korea expresses regret over naval clash and asks for negotiations
( afp report from seoul ) a south korean official said that north korea had expressed regret over the naval clash incident between the south and the north last month and proposed to resume the ministerial-level negotiations between the two sides .
north korea proposed to hold initial talks in north korea 's resort mt . kumgang early august to arrange high-level talks .
the north korean proposal has been delivered to south korea 's unification minister jeong se-hyun by north korea 's negotiator , kim ryong-song who had took part in several earlier talks , in the ceasefire village of panmunjom .
the spokesman said , " kim has expressed regret about the naval clashes on june 29th and required to make joint efforts to prevent similar incidents from occurring . "
last month 's clash killed four south korean sailors with another one missing and 17 others wounded .
30 north korean personnel were said to have been killed or wounded .
south korean president kim dae-jung has asked north korea to apologize for the naval exchange of fires and punish those responsible .
he pointed out that the sea clash was caused by " the illegal provocation of north korea " , but he said that the incident would not affect his policy dealing with north korea despite of the oppositions ' insisting on a much harder line .
nasdaq board approves new administrative reform proposals
( afp report from new york ) the board of directors of nasdaq stock exchange has granted approval to the 25 new administrative reforming proposals , which were announced early last month .
nasdaq president ketchum said that the new standards would be submitted to the national association of securities dealers for discussion .
he did not say when he expected the national association of securities dealers would make a decision , but if approval is obtained from the national association of securities dealers , the new standards would be further submitted to the securities and exchange commission for approval .
" our goal is to have these reforms implemented as soon as possible , " said ketchum .
nasdaq board chairman and chief executive simmons said : " the nasdaq stock exchange has adopted listing standards that will help oblige companies to be more transparent to investors . "
under the reforming plan , and echoing president bush 's call , all stock options will require the approval of shareholders .
the reforming plan calls for faster notification of any inside transactions with a value of over 100,000 us dollars , and such notice must be made within two days of trading .
simmons said that so far , inside transactions need only be notified before the end of relevant month .
" we think it is appropriate to serve notice within 48 hours , " he said .
meanwhile , under the reforming plan , the new standards stipulate that the majority of board members for companies listed on nasdaq must be independent in their stand and preclude major shareholders , relatives of senior executives and former staff members .
president bush to sign enterprise reforming bill passed by us congress
( afp report from washington d.c . ) in order to once again ensure investors of its promise of the enterprise reforms , us congress has passed a bill in overwhelming votes to raise the confidence in openly traded companies ' chief executives .
the 2002 sarbanes-oxley act raised after a one-week discussion was passed by the house in a vote of 423 to 3 and also approved by the senate 99 to 0 .
once us president signs the bill , it will strengthen monitoring corporate accouters , impose severer penalties to enterprises ' chief executives for their illegal operations and requires that senior corporate staff must take responsibility for earning reports .
the bill came following a spate of recent corporate fraudulent accounting scandals . the stock markets had experienced a big loss of over 7-trillion us dollars since march 2000 .
energy business enron filed for bankruptcy last december , severely dampening investors ' confidence .
since then , some american big companies , one by one , admitted that their earning reports were faulty , shocking the already weak stock market . these big companies included global telecom and the worldcom . and according to a new investigation by us administrative commission of securities , they may also include media giant aol times warner .
republican house member oxley said : " the bill and the current dramatic reform in our markets will help rebuild the confidence in the system . "
influenced by the bill , the dow jones industrial index rose dramatically 480 points on july 24th , the biggest rise in 15 years but on july 25th it fell slightly 4.92 points to close at 8,186.37 while the nasdaq index shed 50.09 to close at 1,240.14 .
us economy recovery momentum doubted by different comments
( afp report from washington d.c . ) there is an important report showing a dramatic economic slump in a series of references with different comments . analysts said that it puts us economic recovery momentum in question .
the government said in a report that in june the orders for endurable materials decreased 3.8% from the previous month , the biggest slump since last november .
the report has swept away some brightness of us economic prospect .
narvon of the narvon economic consultancy company said : " the decrease of orders makes people to doubt the recovery momentum of us industries , but we should not be nervous and should wait until some certain references come out . "
however , a report by the labor department showed good prospect of job opportunities . during the week ending on july 20th , the number applying for unemployment relieve fell by 21,000 , totaling 362,000 following quarterly adjustment , the fewest number filing for unemployment relieve in one year .
other references included different comments on house markets : in june new house sales increased 0.5% from the previous month , hitting a new record .
however , another report by dealers said that the sales of second-hand and finished houses decreased 11.7% .
analysts said that the information showed that the us economy was decreasing but not running up energy .
beijing to invite report writer criticizing china to visit mainland
( afp report from beijing ) the chinese authority announced that it hoped to invite the writer of two us strategic reports it regarded threatening the world peace to visit the chinese mainland to clarify the " misunderstandings " .
the invitation to be issued by the npc 's foreign affairs committee was another sign of anger china showed over the two us reports issued two weeks ago .
the official china daily reported today that chief of the npc 's foreign affairs committee , zeng jianhui , said : " we hope to invite them to enable them to view china from different perspective to defuse their any misunderstanding about china . "
zeng jianhui said that some of the us congressmen only knew little about china , " they misunderstand china 's development and we must offer them opportunities to make them better know our goodwill to the world 's peace . "
a pentagon report issued on july 12th stark-nakedly pointed out that the chinese army was speeding up its modernization , which was aimed at taking over taiwan , and estimated that china 's annual defense spending was about three times that of the official figure .
three days later , a us bipartisan committee presented a us 's china policy report , pointing out that beijing saw the us a weakening power and had already chances .
a spokesman of the chinese embassy in washington criticized the theory of regarding china as an emerging military threat , claiming that any threat to the world peace came from those who fabricated the theory .
the spokesman told reporters that the two research reports were " contradicting to the facts " , whose writer was still in the shadow of the cold war mentality .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman kong quan on july 25th refuted the pentagon report as groundless , which claimed that china 's annual military spending was about 65 billion us dollars instead of the official figure of 20-billion us dollars .
kong quan said in a statement that the estimated figure is " absolutely groundless and intentional . "
former soviet woman spy defecting to australia evdokia dies last week
( afp report from sydney ) australia 's front-runner the sun reported today that former soviet woman spy evdokia who defected to australia during the peak of the cold war , died in australia last friday at the age of 88 .
evdokia and her husband vladimir defected on april 3rd , 1954 , making a big international headline and leading to australia 's announcement of the severing of diplomatic ties with the former soviet union .
before the couple sought asylum to the sydney authority on april 3rd , 1954 , they were major intelligence experts of the former soviet union . they worked in former soviet union 's embassy in canberra for three years to cover their real spy status with vladimir being a senior official of the mvd ( later renamed kgb soviet national security committee ) .
reports said that no obituary was issued for evdokia 's funeral and no priest was presiding it , only a small number of friends went to the funeral .
her body was cremated by using an assumed name .
her husband used a false name and lived in melbourne , who died at the age of 84 in 1991 .
retired australian intelligence officials said that the couple were two big fishes among the defectors , who were a spotlight in the intelligence sector since the war .
they took away extremely classified documents when defecting , including the name list of hundreds of former soviet intelligence agents and several kinds of codes to help the western alliance to decode a large number of intelligence .
many writers wrote books based on their experience .
merrill lynch staff summoned for questioning in enron case
( afp report from washington d.c . ) a us congress panel , which is investigating the secret financial dealings between wall street banks and enron , has summoned two staff members of merrill lynch investment bank who had refused to show up .
a spokeswoman for senator collins said , " the subpoena has been delivered " .
collins is a member of the senate 's standing investigation panel in charge of financial deals between the wall street and enron .
the spokeswoman said that the two subpoenas had been sent to deane and foster of merrill lynch investment bank .
the two have notified the authorities that they are not willing to testify before the above-mentioned congress panels . the bank sacked them afterwards .
the spokeswoman for collins said : " as far as i know , they have received the subpoenas . "
informed sources told the afxnews of the afp that deane 's wife elizabeth living in houston was once an executive at enron .
merrill lynch said in an earlier statement that the bank had been notified that it was not " a target or object " of investigation in the enron case so the bank was fully cooperating with relevant authorities and the congress .
the statement said that the bank believed that its staff members " had legal deals with enron " , and the reason for granting deane 's vacation was that " the company 's policy is to fully cooperate with the government and the investigation work . "
27 injured in disco explosion in linz of austria
( afp report from vienna ) austrian police said that a plotted bombing occurred early this morning in central-northern austria 's linz city , with 27 people injured by the shells . young immigrants from yugoslavia often frequented the disco where the bombing took place .
spokeswoman kreezibure of the linz city said that two people were seriously injured and 11 people were hospitalized .
however , doctors of the linz city said that nobody was in serious condition .
the bombing occurred at around 3:00 in early morning in the x-large disco , which was popular among young serbian and croatian immigrants in the linz city .
all the injured were young men , aged 17 to 22 , from former yugoslavia .
" we originally thought that this was an accident but we found signs of bombing materials afterwards , " said kreezibure .
she said that the policy had begun investigation .
kreezibure pointed out that when the bombing occurred , there were about 30 to 40 people in the disco which was about to close .
another police spokesman dishlinger said : " it might be a grenade or might be a plotted attack but we are not sure yet . "
bomb experts from austria 's interior ministry were on their way to the linz city for investigation .
at least 66 killed in su-fighter jet crash in ukraine air show
( afp report from kiev ) the ukraine press bureau said that at least 66 people were killed and another 51 injured when a su-fighter jet tragically crashed into the audiences during flight show in an air exhibition in west ukraine on july 27th .
earlier , the ukraine 's emergency ministry disclosed that the death toll was 45 with 60 others injured .
an emergency ministry official , marchinko , said that the accident took place in the town of skniliv in west ukraine . the su-fighter jet collided with another plane on the ground when it was flying low .
the injured included some children , wounded by debris and rescuers sent them to hospital immediately .
marchinko told the interfax news agency that the su-27 fighter jet collided with another plane and crashed at 12:45 at noon when it was conducting a flight show .
marchinko pointed out that the su-jet 's two pilots had ejected .
marchinko did not further disclose whether the two were injured or not .
the ukraine government has ordered to set up a truth-finding committee to investigate the cause of the accident . the investigation committee will be led by national security secretary marchuk .
ukraine president kuchma cut short his holiday in crimea and went to the site for inspection . russian president putin has sent his condolences after hearing the accident .
indian foreign minister tells powell not ready to talk to pakistan
( afp report from new delhi ) as india did not plan to resume its talks with pakistan , us secretary of state powell 's south asian peace mission was not clear from the beginning .
powell said earlier that he did not expect any breakthrough during his tour .
the evaluation was proved during his first talks with indian foreign minister singh , who told him that he did not plan to talk to pakistan .
singh told reporters after his meeting with powell : " india has been ready to talk but we think it is unnecessary for the time being . "
powell has suggested sending international observers to monitor the october election in indian-controlled kashmir but was refused by the indian side .
" we have a very independent election committee and we are very proud of our country 's election records . i can assure you that everything has been arranged and ( kashmir 's ) elections will be very free and fair , " said singh .
meanwhile , indian foreign ministry spokesman lahore said that singh told powell during the meeting that pakistan had not done enough to stop militants ' cross-border attacks .
he said : " obviously , the talks can be resumed only until pakistan makes more efforts to defuse the tension in this region . "
pope welcomed by young people when arriving at toronto for religious gathering
( afp report from toronto ) pope john paul ii arrived at a big park in the biggest northern canadian city . thousands of young people welcomed the pope to take part in a grand religious meeting , with a big mass to be the peak of the grand gathering on july 28th .
the 82-year-old pope , sitting on the chair of his car , waved to the young people on both sides , with the saint music on the air in the 132-hectare big park .
the enthusiast young people were mostly aged between 16 to 35 , waving flags to welcome the pope and clapping their hands with cheers and yells .
the pope will preside over the pray and the religious service starting at 7:30pm ( 7:30am july 28th taipei time ) and then he will fly to a monastery in northern toronto in a helicopter .
despite of the forecasted torrential rain , thousands of believers will set up camps in the park tonight to take part in the grand mass at 9:30am on july 28th ( 9:30pm july 28th taipei time ) .
re-elected new zealand prime minister clark to form new government
( afp report from auckland , new zealand ) re-elected new zealand 's prime minister ms clark will form a new government . she has promised to oppose the threat to her leadership posed by the green party 's opposition to the genetically modified products .
although voters caused a big loss of the central-rightist national party in the parliamentary election , only winning 27 seats , helping clark to rid off a major rival , her labor party won 52 seats of the parliament 's 120 seats , fewer than the majority . she has to depend on some small parties to rule .
during the election , ms clark called on voters to enable her party to win the majority of the seats but the result was unsatisfying .
ms clark said : " we know that we must cooperate with other people .
we will cooperate with other parties . "
although the green party that won 7 seats in the parliamentary election had been in alliance with ms clark , it now has differences over its opposition to the genetically modified products , claiming that if genetically modified products enter the markets , it will end its support to ms clark .
international experts ask to push forward marshall plan for central-southern peninsular
( afp report from stockholm ) many delegates pointed out in an ongoing international conference concerning post-vietnamese war that the united states should take major responsibility for the reconstruction of the central-southern peninsular and offer help to the victims of the vietnamese war .
during the three-day conference , there was hot debate on the responsibility the us should take for the vietnamese war ; some participants called for a marshall plan for the central-southern peninsular .
the debate focused on the issue of poisonous leaf-falling agents .
during the vietnamese war , the us army sprayed this kind of chemical agents in the tropical rain forests in the central-southern peninsular in an attempt to force the vietnamese army out of the dense forests .
some experts attending the meeting said that there was no conflict between the economic reconstruction aid as well as the humanitarian aid to resume security in the so-called hot regions that were polluted by the leaf-falling agents and the main topic of the meeting , the research on chemical warfare medical influence .
experts , scientists and staff members from international ngos have conducted long-term inspection of the influences war has on the economy , environment and people 's health .
they use the vietnamese war as an index to judge the deep influence armed intervention has on the devastation of the environment .
when the vietnamese war ended , us army had sprayed 57-million litters of leaf-falling agents including 180 kilograms of deadliest poisonous " dioxin " .
the metal poisoning , body deformity and children 's high death rate in the so-called hot regions are all suspected as the residual effects of the vietnamese war .
vietnam has so far received no compensation from the us for the devastation and loss caused by the use of leaf-falling agents .
however , washington announced recently that it was ready to offer humanitarian aid .
in march this year , washington and hanoi signed their first agreement since the vietnamese war . the two sides will carry out cooperation on the research of the effects of leaf-falling agents .
ukraine air show accident may be caused by omission
( afp report from kiev ) chief of the special investigation committee warned that omissions or failures might be the cause of the world 's most severe air show accident , which killed 83 people in west ukraine .
russian rtr tv station broadcasted the remarks made by ukraine 's national security chief marchuk , " the special investigation committee investigated several possible causes .
they include possible omissions by the air force command and the 14th air force division or mechanical problems . "
however , he said that it is too early to make any comment .
marchuk said , " nobody can say when we will get to know the real cause of the air crash .
however , we may find out clues in about one week . "
the low-flying su-27 fighter jet crashed and exploded in the skniliv air show near lviv . it seemed that it lost control .
ukraine president immediately asked the military to take responsibility for the accident and sacked the air force commander and commander oniszhenko of the 14th air force division that took part in the air show .
powell begins south asian diplomacy but expects no breakthrough
( afp report from new delhi ) us secretary of state powell lowered his expectation of regaining diplomatic breakthrough when talking with indian leaders as india and pakistan exchanged fires again in the heavily-guarded kashmir border .
powell 's assistant armitage made a visit in june , causing india to end a one-month diplomatic embargo ; but the killing of 28 indian slum residents on 13th this month suddenly discouraged us efforts to further ease the tension in south asia .
speaking on his way to india , powell said : " i do n't expect such breakthrough as one month ago . "
" we can not say any breakthrough now . i only expect to ensure that we wo n't stop and i hope to see how india and pakistan can continue to step forward , " he said .
several hours before powell arrived in new delhi , indian and pakistani troops exchange light fire and mortar shelling in the disputed kashmir border .
no casualties were reported in the exchange of fire in the kupwala region .
indian police said that the exchange of fire was caused by pakistani troops ' " unreasonable gun fire " .
however , in indian-controlled kashmir , separatist clashes killed four people ; also , two civilians were killed and 8 other slightly wounded in two grenade bombing .
armitage said last month that pakistani president musharraf had promised to stop islamic militants ' infiltration of indian-controlled kashmir .
this was a major condition raised by the indian side since the attack on the indian parliament last december .
thereafter , india and pakistan deployed one-million troops along their shared border .
india has ruled out the possibility of withdrawing its troops before october because a provincial parliamentary election is due in october in the indian-controlled kashmir .
sudanese president and rebel leader pledge to promote peace
( afp report from kampala ) sudanese president bashir and the rebel " sudanese people 's liberation army " ( spla ) leader garang said after their first talks that they would strengthen efforts to seek to end the 19-year-long conflict between the two sides .
returning to the sudanese capital of khartoum after ending the talks on the night of july 27th in the ugandan capital of kampala , bashir said : " we announce to support sudan 's unity and integration . "
in an earlier joint statement , the two " stressed the necessity to win people 's support , strengthen the peace process and reach nationwide consensus on complete political reconciliation . "
uganda foreign minister wabarhabrow read the joint statement : " the two have promised to do their utmost to resolve the long-standing issues during the next round of peace talks . "
the peace talks on july 27th was presided over by ugandan president museveni and lasted about 2 hours .
earlier , negotiators of the two sides held talks aimed at ending the sudanese civil war and announced to have made tangible progress last week .
the sudanese civil war began in 1983 when the " sudanese people 's liberation army " started the war to save the christian southerners from the northern muslim and arab sudanese .
after ugandan president museveni announced the joint statement , he encouraged the two sudanese leaders to shake hands , which was their second hand shaking . the first was at the beginning of the talks .
rebel leader garang told reporters after leaving the conference center : " this is a good sign both to the sudanese people and the whole world .
we are satisfied with the current result and hope that ( the meeting ) can help us to find real peace . "
australia 's trade deficit worsens
( afp report from sydney ) the australian trade deficit continues worsening with the appreciation of the australian dollar and a strong domestic demand , the trade deficit in june reaching 1-billion australian dollars ( 540-million us dollars ) .
the information released by the statistics bureau showed that the export volume in june was 12.8-billion australian dollars , down 207-million australian dollars or 2% ; the import reached 13.36-billion australian dollars , increasing 233-million australian dollars , up 2% , with the import and export volume hitting a new high this year .
but the trade deficit reached 1.9-billion australian dollars , a new high over the past two years .
however , the import of consumer goods reduced 58 million australian dollars , down 1.7% .
the import volume including australian airline and vip jet increased 5.1% .
federal bank economist blase said : " the strong domestic economic demand , the import increase and a slow world 's economic recovery do little help to our export . "
he said that due to the severe drought the export volume of farm products in june decreased dramatically .
the statistics bureau said that the farm export volume declined 7% , or 176-million australian dollars while the export of non-farm products only decreased 11-million australian dollars .
economists pointed out that the strong australian dollar was another reason for the falling export .
the economic department of the australian people 's bank pointed out that the trade was worse than the original pessimistic forecast .
statistics show that the import volume of products such as industrial materials , oil and chemicals and other goods increased 149-million australian dollars , up 3% .
economists warn thailand 's low-medical cost system hard to continue
( afp report from bangkok ) thailand 's economists warned that thailand 's all-people medical system would be an unbearable financial burden and might harden the national economy .
their warning was published on the national daily here with thailand 's doctors ' criticism of the low-medical cost project .
according to the all-people medical system , thai people 's basic medical fee cost only 30 thai baht ( 75 cents ) for every people .
the english-language newspaper quoted vice-president of thai bank kadoorie &amp; amp ; song as saying : " the new medical system shows the goodwill of the government , but i do n't think that thailand is rich enough to support the welfare project , which needs review . "
as one of the economist who opposes the project , kadoorie &amp; amp ; song said that as a developing country thailand 's medical system was too idealized and the snowball rolling cost would finally prove to be unbearable .
the national daily also quoted economists of the world bank 's bangkok office as saying : " nobody knows how much the cost is . "
thai prime minister thaksin began to implement the all-people medical system from the beginning of last october .
the proposal he imagined became his most popular election promise .
economist charater , who is teaching in a university , pointed out that the all-people medical project was reviewed in 2000 and it was expected to cost 90-billion to 140-billion thai baht ( $ 2.2-billion to $ 3.3 ) annually .
charater said that the 2003 fiscal year 's medical budget was expected to reach 78.3-billion thai baht out of which , 66 billion was allocated for the all-people medical project .
in early july , president of thai doctors ' association songsake criticized the all-people medical plan as unrealistic and warned the government that if it did not begin reform , the whole medical service level would go down .
currently , the thai parliament is considering involving the half-year-long all-people medical system into a more extensive nationwide health insurance law .
croatia protests against yugoslav army 's detention of its officials
( afp report from zagreb , croatia ) a group of croatian officials were detained by the yugoslav troops in a disputed small island in the danube on their way back from a conference by boat . croatia demanded open apologies from yugoslavia for the incident .
the croatian foreign ministry said that there were altogether 24 officials and other people taking five boats . they were stopped by the yugoslav army , which fired warning shots in front of the boats but caused no casualties .
these officials included vosai , a government official from the vokera region .
they were released after several hours of detention and questioning .
a rescuing police boat was also shot .
the incident took place yesterday on a small danube island , which the two sides claimed sovereignty over .
croatian prime minister racan said in a short statement , asking yugoslavia to make an open apology for the incident . the croatian tv station described it the severest one since the two countries ended war in 1995 .
the croatian foreign ministry said that it summoned yugoslav ambassador shemudiji to croatia to the foreign ministry to hear the " strong protest " , but he refused to accept the protest for " unclear facts " . the croatian foreign ministry expressed its " shock " for this .
prime minister racan said that after the incident he immediately went to the town of yiocan in east croatia with parliament leader toncici to meet with yugoslav foreign minister svilanovic .
svilanovic told the serbian tv station that he hoped that the incident would not " have great influence on our relations with croatia . "
powell leaves pakistan to end south asian peace mission
( afp report from islamabad ) us secretary of state powell ended his shuttle-diplomacy peace mission between india and pakistan after meeting pakistani president musharraf and foreign minister haq and left islamabad by plane .
powell stayed for five hours today in the pakistani capital .
earlier , he spent a night in the indian capital of new delhi , meeting with indian president vajpayee , vice prime minister advani and foreign minister singh .
he asked india to free political prisoners in its controlled kashmir and allow foreigners to go there to watch the election in october .
he also called on new delhi to take more easing measures to solve 7-month-deadlock with pakistan .
he told pakistan that the retaliation for militants ' infiltration of the indian-controlled kashmir has decreased but it was not what islamabad firmly held that it had completely stopped the infiltration .
he said that the united states was watching closely the rebels ' activities in the disputed region .
powell has also urged the two south asian nuclear countries to return to the negotiating table . pakistan also expects to do so but india has refused it .
o'neill hails us economy the strongest one
( afp report from washington d.c . ) us secretary of treasure o'neill said that the us economy was strong . he said that although the confidence crisis had led to a big slump in the wall street , the us economy was " very strong " .
o'neil said in a tv interview by fox : " we think the economic growth rate will be 3% to 3.5% during the second half of this year . "
he added that that would be " a reasonable growth rate . we expect the economy will continue to grow like what we have seen before . "
asked about his comments on the recent stock market slump , o'neill said : " undoubtedly , the us economy is the strongest one in the world . "
" in a long-run , i am very confident in the potential and strength of the strong economy and investors in our country are sure to win . "
asked about whether the big slump of the stock market and consumers ' debts would weaken the spending that account for 2  3 of the us economy , o'neill said : " there is improvement of consumers ' debt-bearing situation but the cases of delay in paying debts is decreasing . "
asked how the government can promote the economic growth , the treasure secretary said : " the important thing is we will not squander and will not require the american people to turn in more taxes . "
he also echoed president bush 's call on july 27th , asking the senate to pass the " trade authorization promotion act " as soon as possible , strengthen the rights of the white house 's trade negotiation , homeland security act and the law on the use of pensions .
powell satisfied with south asian tour and expects talks on kashmir
( afp report from bangkok ) us secretary of state powell announced that although hostile india and pakistan were firm in their stands he was " satisfied " with his south asian peace mission over the weekend . he said that he expected the two sides to resume talks on kashmir issue in the coming months .
powell told reporters aboard the special plane earlier before arriving in bangkok , his talks in new delhi and islamabad were not aimed at achieving breakthrough , instead it was to ease the tensions .
he cautiously hinted that before the end of last year , conditions for the resumption of talks might be reached or maybe after kashmir 's local election in october and pakistan 's parliamentary election .
speaking when flying from islamabad to the thai capital of bangkok , he said : " i am satisfied with the visit and we are not at the brink of war . the visit is to strengthen the momentum for the reconciliation . "
powell said that although the two sides ' open comments were very strong during his tour , he felt happy with the information offered by indian prime minister vajpayee and pakistani president musharraf .
powell said that indian officials had reiterated to resolve the kashmir issue through talks but he admitted that new delhi had not got ready for the resumption of talks .
" in the indian side , i am very happy that they have the same promises on the talks , " he said .
" i want to say that in the mid-autumn if everything gets smoothly , we can actually see the promise made by president musharraf . if the election is carried out in a reasonable way , we think there is a very good chance to really promote the talks . "
board chairman of german media giant bertelsmann group resigns for conflicting views
( afp report from berlin ) chairman of the board of german media giant bertelsmann group middelhoff has resigned for conflicting management views with administers .
bertelsmann group said in a statement that middelhoff 's post would be taken over by dietrich and the group 's second figure would be succeeded by chief finance officer luther .
bertelsmann group is one of the world 's top five media groups , with a history of 167 years . it is now planning to get listed in the stock market .
bertelsmann group said : " the reason of the resignation is because of the difference on the group 's future strategy between the board chairman and the board and the problems in the cooperation between the board and the administers . "
it said that the group 's two big investment agencies have agreed not to announce other details leading to the decision .
however , informed sources of the group said that the difference between the two sides might be related to the stock-listing plan .
middelhoff pushed the group 's stock listing in 2004 but the successor of the group 's founder moran opposed the listing .
the 81-year-old moran saved the bertelsmann group after the world war ii .
moran 's wife litze is one of the members of the board and also member of bertelsmann foundation , which holds a 57.6% share of the bertelsmann group .
dietrich is also member of the bertelsmann foundation , who has been in charge of the group 's publishing business since 1985 .
the berlin post said today that middelhoff would take the post of board chairman of the deutsche telecom company , but whose spokesman said that he would not comment on the " speculation " .
deutsche telecom appointed 72-year-old tenzer to be the interim board chairman on july 17th this year . the term would be six months until a permanent substitute for board chairman sommer is found .
deutsche telecom 's shares saw a big slump over the past few months , giving sommer heavy pressure and forcing him to resign at last .
ukraine generals and pilots face criminal charges for air show disaster
( afp report from skniliv airport , ukraine ) over 1,000 ukraine people , holding candles and in tears , gathered in the skniliv airport in the suburbs of the western city of skniliv to take part in a service to memorize the 83 victims killed in last week 's air show accident .
meanwhile , the two pilots in the accident and senior air force generals might be prosecuted on criminal charges .
about 1,500 people attended the open-air service in the airport .
authorities have announced a national mourning today .
people in black placed flowers on the plane-crashing site .
on july 27th , a low-flying russian-made su-27 fighter jet crashed into terrified people , causing heavy casualties .
according to the latest official death toll , 83 people were killed in the world 's most serious air show disaster , including 23 children .
another 199 viewers were injured . so far , 77 people are still in hospital with 23 in serious conditions .
in the capital kiev , air force generals are facing more and more pressures . ukraine 's chief prosecutor accused military officers and the pilots of negligence .
he also pointed out that signs showed that the pilots had committed crimes .
ukraine president kuchma had ordered a ban on any air flight show by military planes .
south , north koreas to resume talks this week
( afp report from seoul ) north korea and south korea have agreed to resume talks this week while north korea is now seeking to establish friendly relations with the outside to revive its difficult domestic economy .
south korea 's unification ministry said today that north korea had received a south korean proposal . the two sides will hold initial talks in north korea 's resort of mt . kumgang on friday and saturday .
the initial talks will focus on the itinerary of the meeting , dates and other details of the north korean proposal of holding ministerial meeting in seoul .
south korean unification spokesman said today , " north korea says it will send two representatives and three assistants to mt . kumgang " to prepare for high-level governmental talks between the two sides .
north korean delegation chief kim ryong song who attends the south-north ministerial talks made a proposal last week to south korean unification minister jeong se-hyun to resume the two koreas ' talks stalled last november as soon as possible .
he proposed that the two sides hold discussions on the arrangement of more family reunions for those who were split by the separation of north and south koreas and at the same time to resume connection of railway transportation at the borders of the two koreas .
north korea also expressed its " regret " over the sea clash incident in the yellow sea 's disputed region on june 29th .
according to south korean officials , four south korean soldiers were killed and one missing in the clash and one south korean patrol boat sank .
30 people were feared to be killed or injured on the north korean side .
to respond to north korea 's regret over the naval clash , south korean defense ministry announced today that it would begin the plan to retrieve the sunken boat .
south korean defense ministry said that the retrieving plan would start on august 5th in the west sea and could not be delayed because the missing soldiers might be inside the sunken boat .
north korea has announced its formal statement concerning the retrieving of the sunken ship , warning that if south korea and its allied us army entered the disputed waters during the operation , it might result in more problems .
al-qaeda attempted to assassinate afghan leaders with two suspects arrested
( afp report from kabul ) afghan officials said that afghan security troops arrested two suspects planning to assassinate president karzai or cabinet ministers . they were connected with the al-qaeda terrorist group .
director of the public security department under the afghan interior ministry , general jurat , said that an afghan man and another said to be a foreign suspect were dragged from a toyota corolla car they were driving yesterday in capital kabul 's downtown . explosives were found in the car .
" that was an assassination attempt to kill karzai or important governmental officials , like ( defense minister ) fahim or other people in the cabinet , " said jurat .
" we strongly believe they ( the two arrested ) are connected with al-qaeda or muslim parties currently in alliance with al-qaeda . "
former afghan prime minister , fundamental islamic party leader hekmatyar has been accused of being in touch with the al-qaeda terrorist network over the past few months .
jurat said that the two arrested people were " connected with afghan oppositions ; one of them seems to be a foreigner and possibly a pakistani . "
he also pointed out that they found c4 explosives inside the car 's doors and some wires and nails that could make the explosives more devastating .
" they attempted to park the car near ( the target ) and then blow up the explosives with remote device , " said jurat .
the us urges mainland china for the plan of global agricultural subsidy cut
( afp , beijing ) us agriculture minister wineyman calls beijing to support a disputed plan that aims at cutting agricultural subsidies throughout the world , claiming that this plan is in accordance with china 's interests .
madam wineyman said , she had already talked to chinese officials about the issue of china 's allegation of dumping corn and cotton and obtained china 's assurance that the future regulation on genetic reformed organism will not " hinder " trade .
wineyman said , the plan was raised to the wto based in geneva on the 29th , which was a " broad plan " that aimed at abolishing subsidies to foods and agricultural products , and cutting 50% of the tariffs of products of the same type in the same period .
she said , " we believe this plan should have be accord with china 's interests in the wto , we had held many discussions with our chinese counter part . "
but she did not clarify what china 's response to the above plan was .
wineyman said , to the us , in terms of agriculture , china was a very important country .
china is an agricultural power ranking just after the us .
the us plan has already been criticized by the eu and japan . they said this plan was obviously contradicted to an agricultural act aiming at providing large quantity of subsidies to us farmers in the coming 10 years passed in may in the us .
another agricultural power , australia openly expressed its support in contrast .
wineyman said , the us plan resulted in limiting the ways of agricultural subsidies , which was advantageous to beijing .
eu and us ran into constant serious quarreling for a long time , accusing each other of unfair subsidy measures to their own agriculture .
it is commonly anticipated that the eu would present its own agricultural plan to the wto in january , 2003 .
bush signed company reform act , vowing to clamp down corporation executives that break the law
( washington , afp ) us president bush is pretty clear that how detrimental politically is the fake account scandals that drags down the american stock market . bush signed today an important reform bill enforcing it to be a law and vowed to punish the corporate executives that cheat investors .
the signing ceremony was held in the white house . democrat senator sharbance and republican senator ocris that jointly proposed this bill attended the ceremony . this " stern " new law will enable the government to " take action against those who sway the market confidence " .
yet , the most notable fact is that the higher business representatives did not show up at the ceremony .
bush said in his prepared statement , " this law tells any dishonest business executive : you will be discovered and punished " .
he added : " the time of low moral standards and fake profits has gone .
no corporate directorate in the us is superior to law . "
as a result of successive scandals of fake accounts broke out in some top companies in the us and a weaker economy , the us suffered recession and turbulance in financial market
the white house calls this law " the reform action of the most profound influence against the us enterprises since the fdr era " .
the us and north korean officials held highest-level meeting in 2 years
( sri bacawan , brunei , afp ) according to us state department today , us secretary of state , powell met with north korean fm bai nanchun , which was the highest level of contact of the two sides in 2 years .
spokesman of the us state department , boucher said , powell met bai nanchun held " informal meeting for 15 minutes " at the sideline of the asia-pacific security conference , discussing resumption of the already halted dialogue between the two sides .
boucher said , " he noticed the announcement made by north korea recently , he reiterated policies of president bush , and expressed that we will stress all sorts of issues , including nuclear proliferation and the mutual promises made under the agreement framework . "
he said , " as for the following talks or journey , we will take the announcement made the north korean side recently into consideration . "
the so-called agreement framework is an agreement reached in 1994 . according to this agreement , north korea gives up its nuclear plan to trade for the construction of 2 light nuclear reaction furnaces .
a senior official from the us state department described this meeting as " natural " , which took place at the lobby of the asean conference center .
asean has 23 member countries , including the biggest military powers in the world . it is the place where north korea tries to attract international attention .
in the asean meeting held in 2000 , bangkok , bai nanchun and the secretary of state then , albright met , paving ways for speeding up exchanges in several months before president clinton 's leaving his office .
us special force ends the first stage anti-terrorist task in south-east asia
( afp , san baoyan , the philippines ) us special force ended its anti-terrorist task after they shot dead a head of muslim rebels and rescued an american hostage .
us pacific force commander general fago will arrive at bacawan island , which is the target of the 6-month long anti-terrorist mission early this morning . he will preside the opening ceremony of a convenient runway constructed by a-thousand of american anti-terrorist force .
the action of the us force in south philippines is the largest overseas deployment after the afghan war launched after terrorist attack to washington d.c . and new york on " sept . 11th " .
�� �� is expected to attend the ceremony of the formal ending of the mission .
on the parking apron of the san baoyan airport , a huge c-17 cargo plane of us air force parks and will leave the philippines on board with us troops and equipment .
however , official says , larger part of paricipants of the mission have already left the philippines in groups last month .
300 us soldiers will stay force 3 months . they will complete all withdrawal work before the second stage us-philippines joint operation begins in october .
the leader of the joint operation on the philippine side brigadier general teodociosaid that this operation " achieved great success " .
he said , " it not only enforced the combatting ability of our troops , but also enhanced the confidence and strength of our army to confront terrorism more importantly . "
in this mission , the us troops were limited from participate combats . they can only provide the philippine troops with intelligence and guide the philippine troops to rescue the american missionary mrs . pernan by way of consultation last month .
mr . pernan and another philippine hostage was dead in the operation .
several days after the operation of rescuing hostages , they drove the head of the abu sayaf rebel organization out of its hideout , abu sabaya , who was thought to be shot dead in a sea battle in the south .
malaysia ordered the illegal immigrants to leave the country before midnight , malay ports stuck watertight
( afp , shitulanglaote , malaysia ) the malay authorities ordered the illegal immigrants to leave the country before midnight . those who stayed after the time limit would be thrown into prison and would be flogged . immigrants wanted to leave malaysia on the last day of the time limit surged to malay ports .
at the rouhe port in south , large number of indonesians still could be seen here after the 30-thousand indonesian illegal immigrants left malaysia . only smelly rubbish mountains were left at the sight .
in sharba in the polo state �� port shandagen were full of filipinos waiting for steamer tickets .
from january to march this year , the sharba authority altogether sent back 10-thousand philippine illegal immigrants .
the strict new immigration laws of malaysia will be in effect tomorrow . malaysia put the measure of special pardoning since march 21st , and more than 260-thousand illegal labors responded to it by now .
according to new derees , illegal immigrants and their employers may face half-year imprisonment and as much as 6 flogs .
malaysia announced yesterday that all that could prove their intension to leave but could not buy tickets before the time limit , or those could not obtain travelling documents in time , could enjoy a buffer time of a month .
anti-violence police had already stood guard at all ports . according to an official posted in shitulaolangte , more troops would be sent here later today , for the expectation of large number of immigrant crowd hurrying to leave the country .
there are 600-thousand illegal immigrants in malaysia in total . malaysia denounced them that they were the source of crimes and other social problems in malaysia .
however , employers , especially those work in construction , warn the authorities that this high pressure measure might cause public constructional projects delayed .
us stocks endure ups and downs
( afp , new york ) wall street stock market lingered over the strong swelling trend on monday . the trade is comparatively stable . dow jones industrial index slumped a small 31.85 points , down 0.37% , ended up at 8680.03 , and nasdaq rose 8.94 points , up 0.67% , ended at 1344.19 .
the wide ranged standard pure index rose 3.82 , up 0.42% and ended at 904.78 .
these three main indexes all went around the level line , but with a mid wave . big slumps or jumps as in several recent trading days did not happen .
just on monday , global stock markets surged up . dow jones index jumped 447 points , making the third record in history , and european major stock markets also surges up more than 7% .
according to analysts , after big jumps , they originally expected some draw back , but the stable market on tuesday after great vibrant market trends were a healthy evidence .
us gdp growth slow , but bush still optimistic to economy
( afp , washington ) despite of the newly released statistics about slower gdp of the us , president bush was still optimistic to us economy .
white house spokesman flescher said , " the president still believes , a robust economy and prior standards are conducive to make more room for economic growth , and even could maintain the growth a bit later this year or to the future . "
according to statistics issued by the department of trade , us economy will grow by 1.1% in the second season of 2002 .
analysts expected the growth rate of the second season to be 2.2% at first .
although the gdp in the first season had been changed to 5% from the origianlly expected 6.1% , flescher still insisted that the us economy would " show a strong surge " early this year .
in the early trade of the us stock market , dow jones opened at 8635.94 , 44.09 less than yesterday , but nasdaq down 15.82 , opens at 1328.37 .
because of an early weak stock market , and frequent accounting scandals of many us big companies , the us economy faces a looming expectation . the bush administration try to stimulate the economy by a 1,300-billion dollar tax cut bill .
flescher said today , " the president hopes the congress will cooperate with him to boost the economy through legislation . "
he was referring to the tax cut policy .
russian government delayed selling shares of the biggest oil company
( moscow , afp ) because of unfavorable global market , russian government decided to delay to sell 5.9% of the shares of its biggest oil company , luke oil company . this is the biggest privatization sale this .
luke oil company raises funds this week in london , which is regarded as the destiny of russia 's budget in 2002 and significant test to the local stock market .
the russian government currently is expected to use the special reserve to cover the loss in the budget caused by delaying the dale of stock shares of luke oil company .
russia originally hopes to profit 0.8-billion us dollars by selling shares of luke company . but the price of the shares of this company decreased 20% in the past 2 months , which was dragged down by the slump of the global stock market .
there is no immediate information on when the russian government could sell its shares of luke oil company .
morgan stanley , which provides consultance service to russian government in this deal , made a statement in london , saying that moscow was waiting for a better global economic situation , i.e . , when the price of precious state-own assets is higher .
russian government will sell shares of the biggest russian oil company as it planned
( moscow , afp ) russian oil giant luke oil company announced in the press conference that the russian government would sell 5.9% shares of luke oil , the biggest russian oil company , held by the russian government . this is russia 's biggest privatization deal this year .
the russian goverment was expected to sell the shares for funds yesterday , but it did not confirm the fixed date by now .
shortly after luke oil company made this statement , the interfax news reported that russia decided to delay selling its luke oil shares .
luke oil company raises funds in london this week , which was regarded as a significant test to the fate of russia 's budget income in 2002 .
russia used to wish to profit 0.8-billion us dollars from the sales of stock shares of luke oil company . however , shares of this company had already slumped 20% in past months together with the sharp shrink of the global stock market .
interfax news reported early , quoting statement made by morgan stanley in london that moscow was waiting for a better global economic situation , i.e . , when the price of precious stateown assets return normal .
russia replace gas with coal , causing 40-thousand more deaths a year
( afp , moscow ) environment experts said , russia 's continuous using more coal as engergy resulted in 30-40 more deaths a year because of air pollution by 2010 .
shiluopuluofu , an adviser of a non-governmental environmental agency in russia , said that russia planned to replace gas with coal as engergy used in productive plants , and then , export gas .
he told a press conference , " the fact is worrying . many places have already changed from gas to coal .
if russia completely replace gas with coal , we might inhale polluted air containing great amount of carbon dioxide , nitrogen , and other substance dangerous to human health . "
he called on the government to take bald steps to deal with pollution , and warned , " 30-40-thousand more people might die from air pollution . "
environmentalist countries in the world will raise a foundation of 0.11 euros in brussels early this month , to facilitate combating pollution , especially handling nuclear wastes in north-western russia .
russia , finland , norway , sweden , the netherlands and danmark ensured that they will donate 10-million euros each to the foundation , and the eu also promised to donate 50-million euros .
at the same time , moscow residents were warned to avoid staying too long outside , and shut doors and windows tightly , for balefire indulged wilfully and the capital was folded in thick smoke .
doctors also suggested children , the elderly and patients with chronic deseases should stay indoor or retire to the countryside , and citiy residents should stem gaps of doors and windows to keep smoke awy .
the interfax news quoted laqibunike , moscow medical head , that carbon monoxide contained in the air had already surpassed 20% than the normal value .
the us and asean signed milestone anti-terrorist agreement
( afp , sribacawan , brunei ) south-eastern asian countries signed a wide-ranged anti-terrorist agreement with us secretary of state , powell , aiming at combating terrorism , cutting of financial source of the terrorists and searching and formulating more effective anti-terrorism policies .
this agreement made south-east asian and the us jointly " take on guard with , strike and confront international terrorism " under a same framework .
asean and its 13 dialogue partners held a week 's meeting in brunei , issued altogether 3 anti-terrorism declaration , in which the above-mentioned agreement was the most powerful one .
indonesia is also an asean country signing the treaties . jakarta is facing increasing international pressure , asking it to intensify anti-terrorist actions .
powell will visit indonesia as the next stop of his trip to 6 south-east asian countries .
filipino fm xiyarong ϯ �� �� said , this joint declaration would " make terrorists homeless in this region " .
powell and the chairman of asean regional forum , brunei fm mohanmode baoqiya signed this anti-terrorist agreement , but both of them did not give address at the signing ceremony .
in the agreement , the two sides promise to cooperate to hold the flow of terrorists , including border blackout , tracking passport forgery and funds flow of terrorists .
uruguay banks will be closed until the 5th this month
( apf , montivio ) the uruguay government announced yesterday , uruguayan banks will go on taking holiday this week .
as utmost effort to avoid to pay off undischarged debts , the uruguay government decreed to close banks to retain funds on the 30th last month .
the minister of economy , aichujiali made the above announcement at his office yesterday .
he also stressed , as long as the crisis was over , the government " fully promise " to safeguard the bank deposit .
in the first possible sign of turbulance concerning with finacial crisis , a group of 30 to 50 people robbed a supermarket in the capital of montivio on the 30th last month , crying , " we are starving " .
according to police , they arrested 8 of them and dispersed the others .
according to the order made by the uruguay government , banks would open business as usually 1:00 p.m . next monday . the central bank will also work again together with the commercial banks , allowing annuities and salaries to be drawn through atms .
aichujiali said , uruguay " always protects the owners of the accounts " , and it would go on do so in the future .
he said , " we support the depositors , for they are state assets . "
aichujiali " flatly " rebutted speculation that uruguay would probably restrict money withdrawal from banks like argentina .
according to uruguay official statistics , the foreign exchange reserve of uruguay has decreased from 3.1-billion us dollars on december 31st last year to 6.55 billiion us dollars on 29th last month .
153 people died of mysterious virus in madagascar in africa
( afp , antananalife ) madagascar minister of health lashamingdela pointed out , in the past 2 weeks , 153 people died of an undetermined inspiratory and filtrated virus .
just until the day before , lashamingdela released that 62 people died from this infection in the icongo region .
icongo locates 500 kilometers ( 300 miles ) south-east of the capital , antananalife .
he said 89 died in alacamianberhimaha area , and at least 2 in icongo .
lashamingdela gravely confirmed that figure of deaths from all localities would be successively sent back .
the reason why this virus comes out is still unknown . the only thing known is that the patients suffer the symptoms resembling flu and headache .
the aching symptom would then prevade to the neck and chest and end up in dry coughs . the patients would die 2 weeks after catching the disease if not treated .
the epidemic experts and baste research institute are trying to prevent the expansion of the desease .
us senate passed act expanding bush 's power in trade negotiation
( apf , washington ) the white house won what it expected for a long time : the us senate passed a trade bill to expand the power of president bush when negotiating international trade agreement .
chairman of the senate financial commission bowcas said , " this act can help boost the economy , protect us workers and restore us reputation in trade . "
after president bush 's call and his administration 's actively lobbying to break away from economic difficulties , the senate passed this act by 64 to 34 today .
according this trade promotion authorization or the so-called " fast authorization " , the senate can only approve or veto trade agreements the white house reached with foreign countries , but not modify in the next 5 years .
this act also includes the andes favored trade act .
this act offers favored state status to the andes states as bolivia , columbia , ecuador and peru , to exchange their efforts in enhancing fighting drug trafficking .
leaders in the andes region think this act fatally important .
the andes favored trade act expired last december .
this act also includes another important article , i.e . , providing subsidies to workers losing jobs or badly influenced by trade , namely , providing them with so-called trade adjustment and facilitation .
activists says photos show the rangoon authority committed new massacre crime
( afp , washington ) burmese democratic activists released picture of the body of children and a pregnant woman . they said this was the proof that the rangoon military regime had committed new atrocity .
the free burma alliance said , 12 keron villagers were force to leave their village and all killed by burmese troops where trying to flee to thai refugee camps .
the group said , 10 villagers were killed right on april 28th , including children of 2 , 5 , 7 and 14 years old . they were sleeping in a small hut , and then were call to line up out of the hut and shot by the troop .
in these alleged massacre photos , there are a row of obvious bodies in the cleared space in the woods , including some bodies of children .
the free burma alliance said , a pregnant woman was dead with her undelivered child two days after this attack .
it also released that this woman was found lying on a bamboo stretcher , with scars full fo her chest and belly , obviously dead already .
another photo shows a 6-year old boy survived attack injured in the arm .
democratic activists said , this boy was shot in the arm by the soldiers .
us republican representative beesh said in a statement that these photos provide the " incontestable evidence " the burmese government committed " appalling anti-humanitarian crimes " .
these photos were taken by free burmese guerilla .
the free burma alliance said , the free burmese guerilla was an organization providing the refugees and homeless people in burma with toys , education and foods .
sharp company of japan will provide camera mobiles to the british fudefeng group
( afp , tokyo ) according to the spokesperson of the japanese sharp company said , the company would began to provide camera mobiles to british mobile giant fudefeng group .
this spokeman said , " we are negotiating with the fudefeng group , hopefully the delivery will be carried this autumn . "
we are discuss the exact quantity , but there is no decision yet . "
he denied a report early published on the nihon kenzei news , which reports that the sharp company had received order form from fudefeng group to purchase 1-million camera mobiles .
this number equaled to one fourth of sharp 's production volume in a year by march 2002 .
fudefeng group is the largest mobile service provider in the world . this group scheduled to set up a new business in europe , which enables users to send photos and short messeges .
fudefeng 's japan branch , j-phone company has already carried out this service , which was quite successful .
sharp company was the biggest camera mobile producer in japan , provide j-phone more than 3-million camera mobiles a year .
according to reports of nihon kenzei news , the sharp company prepared to deliver 500-thousand mobiles to fudefeng group as the first delivery , to help it set the new service in belgium and deliver the other 500-thousand in the christmas rush time .
veteran disease expands in britain , one dead and about a dozen hospitalized
( afp , london ) veteran disease exploded in great britain again . currently , there was one death and 9 lay in the intensive care unit in hospital receiving treatment . it was generally looked upon as the most severe veteran disease in the world .
british health officials said , " it is confirmed that 19 people infected this disease and another 36 were diagnosed to allegedly infected very similar symptons .
in northern british town baron , an old man was died of the veteran disease , and at the same time , another case of death from the veteran disease was also reported in sweden .
in mabergert in the north of sweden , an unidentified man was found dead in the bathroom of a public swimming pool .
bristish doctors worried that 100 people might be infected this possibly fatal disease in next 2 weeks .
the veteran disease mainly shows the sympton of cough and heat because of inhaling virus containing vapor .
in 1976 , during the us veteran meeting held in philadelphia , 30 us veterans died from unknow reason . this queer disease was medically acknowledged at the time , and named the veteran disease .
last month , in a hospital in miaoks town east to paris , a 90-year old woman and a 53-year old man also died of the veteran disease .
powell refused iraq 's arms inspection suggestion
( afp , manila ) us secretary of state , powell refused iraq 's suggestion in stern words today . iraq suggested to invite the chief us arms inspection officer to baghdad , discussing the resumption of the arms inspection work halted in december 1998 .
iraq raise this suggestion amid the rumor about us possible strike to iraq intensified .
earlier , the us and the uk had shown their doubt to this proposal , but russia was strongly for it , since it opposed the us to take military actions .
powell made a statement the press before meeting with philipine officials in manila , denouncing iraq 's intension to divert attention and shake off responsibilities it should shoulder .
he said , " the iraqis always evade reposibilities on the arms inpection problem . "
" they know what they should do . it is no need to further clarify or discuss a complete plan .
it is quite definite and already very much clarified . arms inspection is not the question , but arms reduction . "
baghdad wrote a letter to un secretary general anan yesterday , to invite us arms inspection officer buliks to baghdad to discuss resuming arms inpection question .
powell satisfied with south-east asian countries ' utmost effort in anti-terrorism
( afp , manila ) us secretary of state collin powell has ended his south-east asia trip in philippine . powell said , he was satified with support south-east asia gives to the international anti-terrorist was .
as to philippine president aroyo 's support to combatting terrorist groups , powell especially thanked , and said , the us would maintain this " perfect cooperation " mode to confront extremists including philippine muslim kidnapping group , abu sayaf organization .
powell pointed out , " the whole south-east asia supported this kind of anti-terrorist operation . the reason might be that all south-east asian coutries have been threatened by terrorism . "
powell stressed , " terrorism threatens every country and every continent . "
when asked about the response of south-east asian countries to the us-led anti-terrorist efforts , powell said , " i am gratified to see the level of cooperation between us . we are always getting progress .
terrorists were arrested all over the world . if these people were not arrested , they would have wantonly carried out terrorist acts . in recent few weeks , some south-east asian countries have great achievement in investigating and arresting terrorists . "
the south-east asian countries signed a wide-range agreement with the us in brunei on " being on guard , containing and combatting international terrorism " . powell also sang highly to this . he said , " i am very glad that we can reach consensus with all countries in the world , especially the south-east asian countries . "
ioc chairman : figure skating results might be canceled in winter olympics
( afp , manchester ) ioc chairman howgar said , if crime investigation proved that the results of figure skating in the winter olympics at salt lake city were related to russian mafia , the results might be canceled .
rhogue made the statement in the associated games of great britain . he said , he was shocked that tuketahunofu , born in uzbekistan , had been arrested for manipulating the results of figure skating games in the winter olympics wednesday .
the us prosecutor accused that tuketahunofu used his influence on russian and french members of skating association to manipulate the results of 2 games , namely double figure skating and singal figure skating .
he was arrested when the italian police and us fbi jointly assaulted a villa in duscan .
rhogue said , " i am shocked at the report i read . "
although we have been briefed by the us fbi . . . . but we still did not know the whole truth . "
he said , according to us laws , ioc had no right to view the evidences collected by fbi .
he said , " but our lawyer will keep close collaboration with us investigators . in italy , we think we could study the files . "
we have already asked the french ioc to investigate an athlete involved with tuketahunofu . "
rhogue did not identify this athlete . he said , " i have also asked the moral commission to investigate this case . the possibility of recognizing the results of the games again is not completely ruled out . "
but i still think , to completely delete the figure skating games from the olympics will be a mistake . . . . the player did not make mistakes . "
referee scandal in double figure skating games shocked the winter olympics .
shanqi tuo : japan should issue more bonds to raise fund for tax cut
( afp , tokyo ) right-hand of japanese koizumi and secretary of the ruling ldp , shanqi tuo said , the japanese government should consider to issue more government bonds to raise funds for the planning tax cut and he also pointed out that the tax cut should be followed by tax increase measures .
shanqi tuo said today , japan might support the tax cut plan through issuing bonds and cutting government expense .
when reporters asked him which means he preferred , shanqi answered , " i think ( the government ) should consider both . "
shanqi said in an interview with the non-governmental asahi tv , " since we have already canceled the upper limit of newly issued government bonds in the fiscal year of 2003 , transitional government bonds might be issued . "
prime minister koizumi have expressed that he would no longer insist the most contraversial upper limit of the newly issued government bonds in the new fiscal year beginning from april 1st next year .
the above-saying upper limit of the government bonds is one of the supporting pillas of koizumi 's important reform , aiming to control the ever-expanding government debts .
transitional government bonds is a kind of government bonds which retrieves the discrepency of between tax income and government expense . this kind of bonds will be paid off by other tax income with shorter terms of payment .
shanqi pointed out , to issue transitional government bonds meant that tax increase would be take as financial resourse to pay of the debts and he also said " government debts should be redeemed " .
selling state assets and cut government expense is also conducive to raise funds for tax cut , shanqi added .
he also said , " we expect the economy will recover and tax revenue will increase increase with it . "
financial minister yanchuan zhengshilang proposed a tax cut plan over 1-trillion , mainly focusing on decreasing capital expense of enterprises to stimulate economic recovery .
koizumi had already indicated that he was prepared to take tax cut measures , but not mentioning the scale of tax cut .
criticism from the mainland to chen shuibian 's observation on " general vote deciding taiwan 's future " abated
( afp , beijing ) the mainland eased its criticism over chen shuibian 's call for a general vote to decide taiwan 's future . state-run newspapers only published early official response to chen 's remark .
state-run newpapers publish a statement of the office of taiwan affairs of the state council on the 5th as the first response to chen 's remark on the 3rd of the mainland .
the statement warned that chen shuibian was " leading taiwan to disaster " .
although there is still new oral attack to chen shuibian as a senior official warned that chen shuibian is leading taiwan to the road of suffering , analysts said , beijing seemed deliberately not to react too much .
it is obvious that no editorial appears to call for military actions when crisis came as before .
beijing reacted angrily on august 5th over chen shuibian 's remark that only the taiwan people have the right to decide taiwan 's future and destiny through general vote .
the taiwan officials also deliberately neutralize the meaning of this strong indication of taiwan being a sovereign country .
washington is also reluctant to comment on this turbulance .
analysts said on the 6th that although beijing was enraged at first , its choice now was very limited .
observer of the china issue and political scentist of hong kong city university , zheng yushuo said , " i think , the chinese leaders know , on one hand , they no long have hope in chen shuibian , on the other hand , they really have nothing to do . "
he said , threats to use force would cause negative effects ; as in 1996 , china tested missiles in the taiwan straight , drew us to dispatch aircraft carriers to the nearby sea areas of the taiwan straight .
zhen shuoyu pointed out , force threats could only alienate the taiwan people from the mainland and harm economic ties .
interest decrease widely rumored in the us
( afp , washington ) on tuesday , it was widely rumored that us federal reserve would probably decrease interest rate , which meant a further decrease of the already lowest interest rate in 40 years to relieve strike of sharp stock slump to economy .
the chief economist of the deusch bank in new york huber said , " i think , if the stock market continues to drop , pressure to the federal reserve will increase . we can expect interest rate reduction again . "
decision making officers of the open market committee of the federal reserve were set to hold meeting on august 30th to discuss the target interest rate of the federal reserve .
at present , this target interest rate is set at 1.75% .
huber said , " i always say , i think that interest rate reduction this time will come at the end of this season . "
however , if the stock slumps too much before the meeting of the open market committee on august 13th , it is greater chance that the meeting will announce interest rate cut in august . "
the lieman bro . indicated on tuesday that until the end of this year , the interest rate is expected to be cut 0.75 percent .
economists from gaosheng company also raise the same forecast last weekend .
according to statistics provided by lieman bro . , the us stock market has decreased 20% since the middle of may , causing 3-trillion dollars shrink of the total market value .
news report said german unemployed workers over 4-million in july
( afp , hamburger ) salable magazine picture news reported on the 7th that unemployment in germany surpassed the psychological limit , 4-million in july .
the newspaper quoted statistics issued by the federal labor 's bureau in nulunbao that the unrectified number of unemployed workers in july was 4,047,000 , 92,000 more than that in june and 249,000 more than last july .
german pm schoeder promised to control the unemployment under 3.5-million when he assumed office in 1998 .
schoeder 's rival in the national election on september 22nd , the governor of bafaliya , shituoyibo criticized him for not fulfilling his promise .
according to the picture , the reason why unemployment increased in july is that students just graduated from school , not getting further training .
the unemployment in west germany is 2,636,000 , but the unemployment in the former communist east germany is 1,411,000 .
spokesman of the federal labor 's bureau said on the 5th , as generally expected , the unrectified number of unemployed was lower than 4.1-million in july and 3.95-million in june .
the labor bureau was set to issue the statistics of unemployment in july on the 7th .
as forecasted by analysts , after the rectification of the season , unemployment in july will increase 25,000 , to about 4.121-million .
british queen to ennoble greenspan as honorary knight
( afp , washington ) british queen elizabeth ii will ennoble chairman of the us federal reserve greenspan as honorary knight to compliment greenspan 's contribution to the stablization of global economy .
but the british treasury ministry made a statement that this head of the us central bank insisted not to be called as " sir alan " , for he was not a british citizen .
however he agreed to add " kbe " after his name .
kbe means ( secondary ) high-ranking knight of the united kingdom .
the treasury said , " to grant this title of nobility is to compliment his contribution to the stability of the global economy and the united kingdom was greatly benefited from his wisdom and technique in leading the us federal reserve . "
the 76 year old greenspan will visit britain next week and accept this title .
greenspan said , " i am very honored to be granted this title . "
he also said , " i always cherish the close relationship between us and the bank of england and quite a few treasury ministers . "
before this , many famous americans were granted british noble titles . they are director of " et " , steven spearburg , comic actor bob hobber , commander in the gulf war general shihuazikafu and us former president bush .
gunfight in kabul suburb caused 12 deaths
( afp , kabul ) spokesman of international security aid troops fandewen said , gun fire burst out between a group of armed men and afghan security troops in suburb of kabul , causing about 12 deaths .
officer fandewen told reporters at the sight of gun fire , " around 7 o'clock this morning , gunfight broke out between the local police and some militants . "
he said today , " after further investigation , the international security aid troops found some injured and about 11 to 12 died " , and the international security aid troops patrolling as usual immediately hurried to the sight after receiving warnings from local officials .
according witnesses , these militants seemed to be some arabs who did not speak the local pushitu or dali dialect .
according to the report , these militants were compelled to mt . kalikandaer which could overview southern kabul after they were blocked by the local troops .
the witnesses said , after the militants killed an afghan soldier , the security troops opened fire to these militants and tried to pass road blocks .
blood stains still remained on the dry slope as well as some empty cartridge clips and shell fragments .
government spokesman shamade said , " we think that at least 12 people died . "
he said , " we are still investigating what happened at the time . obviously , vehement gunfire had took place between afghan security troops and terrorists . "
yet another government high level official was more straightforward . he said , " this is completely obviously an al qaida deed . "
the international monetary fund gives brazil $ 30-billion bailout
afp washington . the imf declared an agreement today , providing $ 30-billion loan to shore up the pummeled economy of brazil . this is the biggest loan of the u.s . ever .
imf managing director koehler said in a statement , " according to this new agreement , an extra outlay of $ 30-billion shall be provided by the imf , 80% of which will be released in 2003 . "
besides a plan of $ 15.2-billion reached last september , the imf agreed to this 15-month deal after the meeting between the washington government and a brazilian delegation last week .
this agreement will be submitted to the imf council in early september for approbation .
the statement said that besides , the imf had also agreed to lower brazil 's net foreign currency reserves floor , thus releasing another $ 10-billion in brazil .
the statement said that the new net foreign currency reserves floor had been reduced from $ 15-billion to a mere $ 5 billion , and would come into effect as soon as the imf council approved this deal .
the purpose of this deal is to stabilize the economy in brazil .
the financial market of brazil has been battered by the people 's angst against the policies that might be carried out after the october presidential elections and by the possible harm from the financial meltdown of argentina .
although argentina has been striving for assistance after it got into the economic and financial crisis at the end of last year , this deal distinctly shows that argentina has not reached any agreement with the imf .
the u.s . and imf have asked argentina to control its expenditures time and again , the expenditures of its provinces in particular , for financial assistance in return .
" brazil has the right economic policies to maintain stability , so its economy can keep growing . " the u.s . treasury said in a statement .
this statement was published after the treasury secretary o'neill finished his visit to brazil , uruguay and argentina . now brazil and uruguay have both received international assistance , but argentina has nothing .
around 100 heads of state will attend the earth summit
afp pretoria . about 100 heads of state say they will attend the earth summit that opens on august 26 in johannesburg , south africa .
according to the latest statistics from the foreign ministry of south africa , 98 countries will attend the last three days of the world summit on sustainable development from september 2 to 4 with the " highest levels " .
196 countries will be present at the un world summit this year .
mashishi , chief executive officer of the johannesburg world summit company that is responsible for the preparatory work , told the national journalists association on august 7 in pretoria that , with regard to the $ 53-million budget of the summit , 75-80% has already been raised .
he said , " within the area of 100 kilometers to the northern sandton where the summit is held , a total number of 56,000 beds are appointed to accommodate the delegates and officials attending the summit .
he said , " we will provide 900 cars , 200 mini-buses , and 50 windtight vans to transport the attendees and their luggage . besides , special buses are also prepared . "
the remainder of al qaeda and taliban force may start new attacks
afp , afghanistan , bagram air port . after the allied forces stationed in afghanistan were attacked the third time within four days , a u.s.military spokesman said that the remainder of force of al qaeda terrorism organization and taliban might have launched new military actions in afghanistan .
in the incident of yesterday , a paratrooper of no . 82 airborne division of the u.s . army was shot by a sniper near khowst in the east .
the u.s . military spokesman colonel king said at bagram port that his situation was stable , and he was expected to be sent to germany for medical treatment later this day .
the u.s troop also killed 4 people the day before yesterday in the eastern province of kunar , because one of them attempted to attack the u.s . troop .
when the neighborhood of the special force base in paktika province in the east afghanistan was attacked by missiles on august 4 , the special force fired back .
the afghanistan president karzai once said that al qaeda was already defeated , but king warned that they are still a threat .
" we expect to be met with small groups of armed forces , which has always been the case with us . " king said .
he said , " if you look back at the situation in the past period of time , you will notice that battles burst out in two seasons in this country , one of which we are about to enter while the other ended in may . generally speaking , summer will soon end , and we are going into the battle period of fall .
he said that the power of the opposing side is not strong enough any more to start all round attacks , but , " the war is not ended , " he warned .
he also said that he did n't think it necessary for the opposing side to gather together to form bigger troops .
television exit polls show south korea opposition party wins parlimentary by-elections
afp , seoul . according to the exit polls outside the voting stations , the south korea opposition grand national party ( gnp ) is expected to win at least 10 seats out of the total 13 seats to be elected in today 's parlimentary by-elections , thus securing the controlling majority in the national assembly .
the state-run tv broadcasting company kbs said that the gnp is expected to win 138 seats in the 273-member national assembly .
another tv broadcasting company sbs has made similiar forecast .
the millennium democratic party ( mdp ) founded by president kim dae-jung has only defeated the gnp in two precincts .
the television exit polls outside the voting stations show that the candidates of the gnp defeated their opponents from the mdp in seoul and its neighboring regions , and the mdp only won two seats in their southwestern power base .
kbs said that the votes the opposing parties are going to get in the southern island province of cheju are likely to be very close , but sbs predicts that the gnp will win in that precinct .
if the winning of the gnp is proved to be true , it is expected that the inner contests of the mdp will be accelerated .
the mdp , which was defeated ignominiously in the local elections in june , has been fighting inside furiously for whether to change its presidential candidate roh moo-hyun and whether to form a new party .
south korea is devoured by floods and dozens of people are dead or missing
afp , seoul . south korea officials and reports of state-run medias point out that rainstorms have been raiding south and north korea , as a result of which dozens of people are dead , missing or wounded .
the national anti-disaster institution of south korea indicates that the floods brought by the pouring rainstorms in five days have caused at least 5 deaths , and 8 people are missing . the floods have also drowned 8,000 houses and vast farmland .
south korea yonhap news agency reports today that the floods have caused more than 14 deaths .
weather officials say that the rainstorms in seoul and the middle region have weakened .
the official media of dprk reports that the country has been under " severe attacks " of rainstorms for three days since the beginning of this week , which has caused dozens of people 's death and missing .
korean central news agency of dprk reports , " vast farmland all over the country has been drowned or destroyed by floods , and it is hard to expect any harvest in those areas . "
the precipitation rain fall of the rainstorms in hwanghae province is as high as 459 centimeters , and the floods have drowned mine pits , power stations and other industrial establishments .
korean central news agency of dprk reports , " dozens of kilometers of highroads , railways and bridges are damaged , causing traffic interruption . "
bomb blasts kill 15 people as columbian president takes office
afp , bogota . when uribe , independent candidate of the columbian hardline wing , was sworn in as the president today , explosions erupted near the presidential palace , killing at 15 people and injuring 24 .
the homemade explosion device was made from a gas cylinder , and went off in the suburb of bogata , three blocks away from the presidential palace , just as uribe was taking the presidential oath .
the spokesman of uribe says that a few minutes earlier , three smaller bombs had gone off in places closer to the presidential palace , one of which exploded on the lawn of the presidential palace and injured 4 policemen .
the police judged that the attacks were carried out by the revolutionary armed forces of columbia , or farc .
a spokesman of the police says , " these attacks were hatched by the farc with the assistance of the guerillas in the suburb . "
the hatchers of the blasts started attacks despite the tight security operations of uribe 's inauguration .
after the incident , about 20,000 troops were sent and deployed in the streets , and fighter planes were surveilling in the air . the international airport of the capital was closed in the afternoon .
experts in bombs , soldiers and first aid personnels all rushed to the scene , while helicopters hovered above uribe who was giving a speech to the 600 audience attending the ceremony .
those invited to the ceremony include the president of argetina , ecuador , panama , peru and venezuela , the vice-president of costa rica , salvador and guatemala , and the heir to the spanish throne , principe felipe .
the new president , who has been challenged by the critics as hardline right winger and being associated with guerillas , and who is diligent and iron-handed in the eye of the supporters , has vowed to fight against the rebels in the country to the end .
iea forecasts recovery of world oil demand next year
afp , paris . the world oil demand is still sluggish this year , but will recover next year , the international energy agency said in a report .
in the report , the agency reduced its forecast for growth in world oil demand this year .
the iea estimated in its monthly report of july that the growth rate of world oil demand will be reduced by 20% , or 50,000 barrels a day , and the new growth forecast is 200,000 barrels a day .
the iea said that the weaker-than-expected oil demand of members of the organization for economic cooperation and development ( oecd ) in the second season of this years was due to the moderate pace of the economic rebound in these countries .
the iea added that the low oil demand was only partly compensated by other countries .
the iea said that at the same time , global oil production increased by 780,000 barrels a day , with a total output of 76.5-million barrels a day .
last month , the oil output of the organization of petroleum exporting countries every day exceeded the limit by 1.5-million barrels , totaling 23.2-million barrels .
this is 360,000 barrels more than the daily output in june .
the oil output of iraq is not included in the figures concerning opec .
iraq exports its oil according to a oil-for-grain plan under the supervision of the un .
the iea estimated that the world oil demand next year will be 1.1-million barrels a day , but it said that this estimate is subject to revision due to recent economic indices .
one more patient dies of legionnaires ' disease in england
afp , barrow-in-furness , england . the public health officials of england said today that another patient died in the worst outbreak of legionnaires ' disease in england for the recent ten years .
a fifty-year-old or so woman died of the disease six days after the outbreak of legionnaires ' disease in barrow-in-furness , cumbria , northwest england , near the irish sea . an 88-year-old man died of the disease earlier in the city .
this disease was first discovered in july 1976 at an american legion convention , killing 29 people there .
the infected may have symptons like high fever , dry cough and pneumonic hyperaemia , which might turn into pulmonary disease in serious cases . the disease can be spreaded by the air-conditioners or vent-pipes contaminated by the bacteria , and the patients must be treated with anti-biotics .
the spokesman of barrow-in-furness hospital said yesterday that the number of the infected has been " gradually " decreasing .
since the outbreak of legionnaires ' disease in this city , 110 patients have been confirmed to have the illness , and another 35 suspected patients are also under treatment .
debris flows might take more lives due to non-stopping rains in china
afp , beijing . as chinese officials say that rainstorms will continue in mid-china , some people worry that the floods and debris flows which have caused at least 47 deaths will bring more casualty .
" at present , situation in the cities is stable , but the rain in the montainous areas is still very heavy . " feng , director of the information department of the provincial government of hu'nan pro
" and water levels of rivers have all risen to the dangerous line . "
he confirmed that the recent deaths of 47 people in the floods and debris flows in the province are already known , but the number of the latest deaths is not available yet .
the official xinhua news agnecy reported earlier today that hu'nan 's provincial authorities and local administrative agencies have instantly sent work teams to the disaster areas to help with the rescue .
it pointed out that this chaos is caused by the " rainstorms unseen for years in the region " .
xinhua news agency quoted the local informed personnels that many cities have become disaster areas and the total population affected are about 3.5-million .
myanmar military government freed 14 political prisoners after aung san suu kyi 's plea .
afp , yangon . soon after the opposition party leader aung san sun kyi called on again to release all political prisoners , the myanmar military government admitted that 14 political prisoners had already been released .
colonel hla min , spokesman of the military government , said today , " the 14 people who had been imprisoned for lawbreaking have been freed from the reform establishments . all of them are very healthy and have re-united with their families respectively . "
hla min pointed out that the political prisoners freed include 6 members of the national league for democracy ( nld ) led by aung san suu kyi , and declared that the government is planning to release more people in the future .
before the visit of razali ismail , special envoy of the un , and the commencement of the asean foreign ministers meeting in brunei , another 53 people were already released last month .
since the nobel peace prize laureate aung san sun kyi regained freedom after 19 months of house arrest , she has declared time and again that the priority task of the nld is to secure an early release of nearly 1500 political prisoners in the country .
in a video statement smuggled out of yangon this week , aung san suu kyi warned the myanmar milatary ministerial regiment that during the course to the political dialogue aimed at introducing democratic reforms , the release of political prisoners is of great importance .
aung san suu kyi said , " if the reconciliation course is to be truly irreversible ,
unless political organizations can carry out activities without threats and interference from the authorities
since aung san suu kyi started the course of national reconciliation and ending the ten-year-long politically opposing deadlock with the myanmar military government in october 2000 , several hundreds of prisoners have been released so far .
aung san suu kyi said this week that she expects the contacts between the two sides may turn into all round political dialogue in next few weeks .
the spokesman of the nld said on august 7 , " political dialogue will soon begin . though we are not sure about the specific date , it will be within few weeks . " and he also said that both sides are eager to start the dialogue .
schoder excluded the possibility of germany joining the war against iraq
afp , berlin . when interviewed by the public television , schoder , prime minister of germany , an important ally of the u.s . , excluded the possibility of germany joining the probably forthcoming war against iraq led by the u.s .
when interviewed by the first televison station of germany ( ard ) , schoder said , " i think that if there is any military interference , we should keep cautious , that is , germany will not take part " in any attacks on iraq led by the u.s .
the prime minister pointed out that germany is the second largest contributor to the international battle troops next to the u.s . , and has provided battle troops " more than any other european countries " .
the german military authority revealed that at present , about 60,000 troops have been sent for missions overseas .
" so it has reached the utmost of our reasonable expectations . " schoder said .
he said that the allies have not shown any reactions to germany 's rejection to take part in any future military actions , the main reason of which is that washington has not informed or consulted its allies about its possible attacks on iraq .
the u.s . president bush wants to remove the iraqi president saddam hussein so that the un weapons inspectors may return to iraq and carry out inspections of the development of chemical and biological weapons in iraq .
rumsfeld said containment against iraq does not work , and the u.s . likes to see the bad regime replaced
afp , washington . the u.s . defense minister rumsfeld publicly expressed the wish to liberate the iraqi people , and he thought that the containment policy of political and economic sanctions and no-fly zones used by the u.s . for long against the iraqi president saddam hussein does not work at all .
rumsfeld said , " if the bad regime could be overthrown , the people liberated from misery , food and grain transported from abroad , borders opened , and high-pressure ceased ever since and prisoners regained freedom , it would be wonderful . " " if iraq would be like afghanistan , is n't it a breathtaking accomplishment ? " he added .
rumsfeld said , " the production of mass-destructive weapons is a big problem .
saddam hussein has already agreed that he could not push on the plan of producing mass destructive weapons , and the un has also reach an agreement on this .
but we all know that saddam hussein does have such a plan , and he is still developing this plan now . "
rumsfeld said that he hoped that he would meet the visiting representatives of 6 iraqi opposition parties today . these representatives from the iraqi opposition has met the secretary of state powell early today , and after that had a meeting with other senior officials from the state department and the pentagon for 2 hours .
the representatives of the iraqi opposition will also talk via videoconference today with the u.s . vice-president cheney who is now on vacation in wyoming .
at present , there are new rumors that the bush government is planning attacks on the saddam hussein regime .
a senior white house official said that bush has not decided on the schedule of overthrowing the saddam hussein regime , and it is possible that there will be no decisions this year .
american adventurer fossett failed in the bid for the world altitude record in a glider
afp , auckland . in new zealand , eye-witnesses say that the american adventurer steve fossett has failed in his latest bid for the world altitude record in a glider .
fossett and his team had been staying at omarama in southern alps for nearly three weeks , waiting for the suitable weather conditions for him to fly in a glider to a height of 14,938 meters to make the world record .
radio new zealand reported that the team of fossett thought that today 's conditions were ideal for this great job , so he took off at about 2.30pm ( 10.30am taipei time ) , but landed safely at 6pm after running into less-than-favourable conditions .
fossett flew to a height of 8000 meters today , and is expected to make another attempt tomorrow .
the first person to circumnavigate the globe solo in a hot air balloon , fossett is also considering flying a glider 3000 kilometers of distance over new zealand in november .
the world distance record of flying in a glider is the 2459 kilometers set in argetina .
almost 25 years after death , elvis still has his enduring popularity
afp , new york . when memphis beauty queen ginger alden found her boyfriend lying face-down dead in a pool of his own vomit in the bathroom , she called for help and triggered front-page headlines from tennessee to tokyo .
for her boyfriend was the 42-year-old elvis presley .
25 years later tens of thousands of fans are gthering in memphis to mark the quarter-century anniversary of their idol 's premature demise .
the king of rock and roll would have been 67 on august 16 if he were still alive , and his enduring popularity in death has proved as extraordinary as his meteoric rise from impoverished obscurity to global stardom was in life .
the elvis legend has been inflated since 1977 , pumped up by innumerable websites , books and fringe groups that border on the lunatic .
if , as some obsessed fans insist , elvis is still with us , one can only imagine what he thinks of followers like the " flying elvis " , a team of skydiving presley impersonators .
presley was 18 when he walked into phillips ' " sun " recording studio in memphis in 1953 and paid four dollars to record two songs for his mother as a gift .
a year later , phillips arranged a recording for elvis and the result was the birth of a legend .
at the university of iowa , there is a course on elvis , and the professor nazareth said , " elvis was the first white man anyone had seen dancing like he did .
it was a double barrier he knocked down : a white man dancing like a black man , and a white man dancing almost like a woman , like a burlesque queen .
he encapsulated a broad sexuality and it freed people . "
seven soldiers wounded in fresh clash between philippine army and abu sayyaf
afp , zamboanga city , philippines . the philippine military authority said that the army and the rebel islamic organiazation abu sayyaf had an encounter in the southern area this weekend , during which 7 soldiers were wounded . however , it was possible that an unknown number of abu sayyaf guerillas were also shot dead .
the philippine military authority reported that when the army was on battle patrol near the town of parang on the island of jolo on august 9 , it encountered a group of abu sayyaf guerillas and triggered a gunfight .
the military authority pointed out that 7 soldiers were wounded in the battle , and they saw the rebels retreating from the area dragging their wounded or dead confederates .
weapons of the rebels including automatic rifles were found in the scene of the clash .
abu sayyaf was formed by a group of islamic militants , and it is said that it is linked with the al-qaeda network led by osama bin laden .
these rebels are notorious for wantonly attacking villages in the southern part of philippines and committing kidnapping of local and foreign tourists and businessmen for ransom .
the philippine military authority used to say that abu sayyaf has already been cracked down , and the army is now after the rebels in exile who have evaded the joint filipino-us anti-terrorism action .
the joint filipino-us military action was ended last month .
iran and u.s'said cooperation in capturing al-qaeda fighters
afp , washington . iran quietly expelled to saudi arabia 16 al-qaeda fighters who sought refuge in the country after fleeing neighboring afghanistan , saudi foreign minister prince saud told the washington post in an interview published today .
iranian authorities clearly knew that whatever intelligence was obtained from these saudis al-qaeda fighters during interrogation in saudi arabia would be passed on to the united states for use in the war against terrorism , saud told the post .
though the bush administration characterized iran , iraq and north korea as an " zxis of evil " earlier this year , tehran authorities are still willing to cooperate .
the post wrote that the revelations of iran 's cooperation were made in an interview with prince saud at his residence in jeddah .
" we asked ( the iranians ) to hand them over and they did , " saud said .
" iran has not only cooperated with saudi arabia in this conflict in afghanistan but cooperated extensively with the united states , " he added .
saud said saudi arabia is also going to great lengths to assist the u.s . - led war against al-qaeda , saying that the saudi government shares the u.s . desire to prosecute accused terrorist mastermind osama bin laden and his network .
" all the information we have on al-qaeda has been exchanged with the u.s . , " he told the post .
the june transfer of the al-qaeda operatives from iran to saudi arabia reflects improving ties between iran and saudi arabia .
the two countries have a history of strained relations since the 1979 iranian revolution .
the expulsion reversed long-standing iranian claims that there were no al-qaeda operatives in its territory , the post said at the same time .
the detainees were reported to be in saudi arabia , but saudi officials declined to tell the post whether they remain incarcerated .
shareholders sue aol time warner for hiding declining advertising revenues
afp , washington . shareholders of troubled us media giant aol time warner have filed a lawsuit in court against the company , claiming it committed fraud by trying to hide declining advertising revenues for its internet service .
the lawsuit filed in us district court in washington on ausust 10 is the latest against aol time warner , which said late last month it is cooperating with a us justice department probe of the company 's accounting practices .
in a statement , the law firm of finkelstein , thompson and loughran said its lawsuit sought damages for anyone who bought shares of aol time warner from october 18 , 2000 to july 17 this year .
the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) is investigating the company over allegations that it inflated aol advertising sales between 2000 and 2002 by $ us270-million through a series of unconventional deals .
last month , aol timer warner chief operating officer bob pittman regigned , amid criticism that aol time warner 's traditional media division , led by time warner , were being dragged down by the underperformance of aol .
aol , which claims 35-million subscribers for its internet service , merged with time warner into the world 's largest media conglomerate in 2000 .
just before the merger , the combined market value of aol and time warner was $ us290-billion , but on august 9 the combined market capitalization of the two has shrinked to about $ us45-billion .
british deputy environment minister attacks blair government 's green credentials
afp , london . in an interview just ahead of his forthcoming trip to the earth summit in johannesburg , britain 's deputy environment minister meacher attacked the green credentials of the british government led by prime minister blair .
meacher accused his fellow ministers of being unable to see the scale of the crisis facing the world 's environment .
" i make no bones about it , " he told the sunday times . " i do n't think the government as a whole is yet ready to take the magnitude of decisions i think are necessary . "
meacher said that blair 's government " have n't tried hard enought " to address environmental issues such as persuading more people to use public transport rather than cars .
asked if he believed blair understood the threat to the environment , he replied , " i hope so .
one is like a lone voice in the wilderness . "
meacher was last week restored to the british delegation to the earth summit , according to newspaper reports , following an outcry from environmental campaigners after it was reported that he had been dropped on the orders of downing street .
the earth summit is due to be held between august 26 and september 4 .
it is formally known as the un world summit on sustainable development .
it is the following summit of the first earth summit held in rio de janeiro in 1992 , aiming at coordinating economic development plans and environmental protection , so as to keep the earth 's natural resources from exhaustion .
about 65,000 delegates from governments , active campaigns and non-governmental organizations are expected to attend the summit , the un stated , saying that 58 heads of state and 40 heads of government are interested in attending this meeting .
iraqi opposition group indicates u.s . message of determination to change baghdad regime
afp , washington . one of the 6 visiting leaders of iraqi opposition groups said today that the u.s . officials have given out clear messages in the several meetings held last week that it is determined to change the baghdad regime .
" we had a clear message that the united states is determined to implement its policy of a regime change in iraq , but also that it shared our vision for a free , democratic iraq that lived in peace and harmony with its neighbours , " hussein , leader of the constitutional monarchy movement told nbc television .
hussein was among reprsentatives of six iraqi opposition groups .
the six representatives joined us defence secretary rumsfeld in his talk with vice-president cheney via teleconference on august 10 .
cheney was vacationing at his home in wyoming .
the opposition leaders also met on august 9 secretary of state powell and senior state department and pentagon officials .
the meetings came amid fresh speculation that us president bush 's administration is planning an attck on iraq .
but to bush 's declaration that he had no timetable for any military action against iraqi president saddam hussein 's regime , hussein said that he " does n't care " .
hussein said , " what was important to us was the level and degree of commitment that the us officials clearly indicated to us .
in the past , maybe that commitment was n't forthcoming . but the us officials assured us that , this time round , they would follow through and continue all the way to bring about a regime change in iraq . "
when asked who should rule a post-saddam hussein iraq , hussein said , " we hope to have as wide-ranged a coalition as possible to be all inclusive - unlike the current regime , that is inclusive of only one person and a single party . "
hong kong considers levying tax on employers of foreign domestic helpers
afp , hong kong . reports say that hong kong is studying the possibility of levying tax on employers of foreign domestic helpers , aiming at reducing the number of foreign domestic helpers and increasing employment of the local helpers who have been heavily hit by unemployment .
the chinese oriental daily news reported today that the authorities have been studying the impact of the present 24000 foreign domestic helpers on the local labor force , and are investigating the possibility of reducing the willingness of employers to have foreign domestic helpers by taxation .
the report quoted an anonymous government official 's words that the hong kong government is considering imitating singapore in levying tax on employment of foreign domestic helpers .
there are more than 100,000 foreign domestic helpers in singapore .
the report said that the hong kong government hopes that the number of foreign domestic helpers may be reduced by 50,000 to 60,000 .
the unemployment rate this year has dramatically risen to 7.7% amid the economic recession in hong kong .
but the economic development and labor affairs department refuses to confirm the government 's consideration of levying tax on employers of foreign domestic helpers .
the overseas laborers association of hong kong say that if the hourly wage can be reduced from the present hk $ 50 to hk $ 30-35 ( us $ 3.85-4.49 ) , employers may consider hiring local helpers .
in january this year , hong kong set the lowest monthly wage for the foreign domestic helpers as hk $ 3670 ( us $ 470 ) , and rejected the cutdown request raised by the employers body on account of economic recession .
us tv actor jason priestley seriously hurt in racing crash
afp , sparta , kentucky . actor jason priestley , starring in the popular us television series " beverly hills , 90210 " in the 1990s , had an accident during indy auto race in kentucky , suffering a fracture of the spine , a close head injury and fractures to both feet , and is undergoing salvage at hospital .
the indy racing league revealed that jason priestley was injured in the practice session of the race .
the race was at the 1.5 miler kentucky speedway oval .
jason priestley 's car lost control and slammed head-on into the outer concrete wall at the turn of the second round .
" jason priestley has fractures to both feet , a closed head injury and a fracture of the thoracic spine , and the conditions are very serious , " bock , spokesman of the indy racing league , said in a statement .
jason priestley is from vacouver , canada .
bock also said that jason priestley was airlifted by helicopter to the university of kentucky chandler medical center for salvage .
the 32-year-old jason priestley has raced pro rally cars for several years since " beverly hills , 90210 " stopped broadcasting , and won a prize in the grand-am racing in 1998 .
the indy racing league said that apart from a close head injury and fractures to the feet , jason priestley also suffers a fracture to the spine , and the hospital is trying to save him at full steam .
prince charles in fashion , launching his own brand to make tweed casual clothes
afp , london . prince charles , the heir to the throne , a keen gardener and devoted to environmental issues , plans to launch his own fashion label specialising in casual country clothes such as a series of tweed suits , sweaters and scarves made of wool from britain , in a bid to help reviving britain 's stricken rural economy .
a buckingham palace spokeswoman said that prince charles ' brand was considering diversifying into " high quality non-food products " .
but she added that at present it was far too early to specify that woolly jumpers or tweeds would become part of the brand .
she said , " this is very much at the ideas stage . "
prince charles is deeply concerned about the difficulties facing british farming .
british farming was devastated by last year 's foot-and-mouth epidemic .
prince charles set up duchy originals brand in 1990 which includes sausages , biscuits and bacon , and which recently expanded into a range of ice cream , cheese and ham , to encourage british farming as well .
india magazine poll : mother teresa voted india 's greatest citizen
afp , new delhi . mother teresa has been voted the greatest indian since the country 's independence in 1947 , a magazine survey launched by india 's outlook magazine revealed recently .
this survey received 50,000 responses .
mother teresa was ranked ahead of independent india 's first prime minister nehru , as well as frontline independence leader patel , who was instrumental in getting 562 princely states to join the indian union .
the poll did not include the leader of india 's non-violent freedom struggle gandhi because the magazine decided " to keep the father of india above a voting process " .
besides , indian prime minister vajpayee also found a place in the top ten of the list , but he was at number ten , below cricket player tendulkar , who secured the number eight position .
mother teresa 's work among the poor and dying in the city of calcutta and around the world won her a nobel peace prize and millions of admirers .
she founded the missionaries of charity order in calcutta in 1950 , and lived a life that has been held up as a model of christian service .
mother teresa was born in macedonian capital of skopje in 1910 , and died in calcutta in september 1997 .
the above poll showed that indians below 25 years of age ranked mother teresa higher than nehru , while the older generation chose nehru .
indian writer singh wrote in outlook that the people of india are totally disenchanted with politics and their political leaders because of corruption , and " that explains the vote in favor of mother teresa who had nothing to do with any politician . "
poll results show that british people are against use of force on iraq by us
afp , london . just as there are growing signs showing that the british government feels uneasy about us belligerency against iraq , a poll published today in london revealed that two thirds of british voters believe a military attack against iraq is not justified .
according to the poll published by the daily telegraph , 28 percent of the asked said that they felt a us military attack on iraqi president saddam hussein could be justified in the current circumstances .
but ninety percent warned that action against iraq would result in revenge attacks against the west by islamic militants , while 82 percent said attacking iraq would result in numerous civilian victims .
62 percent said action against iraq could lead to a larger middle east war .
this poll coincided with the news that the british government was uneasy at the military attack on iraq .
one of the key allies of british prime minister blair said in an newspaper interview that if the us takes military action against iraq , the british government will not send any troops to support it , unless he is absolutely convinced that declaring war on iraq is the best option .
washington was sending mixed signals on iraq , leading to a confused international reaction , said mandelson , a former minister in blair 's labour government and still an influential figure in british politics .
bank of japan governor views a strong us economy and rise in us dollar value
afp , tokyo . bank of japan governor masaru hayami said that although recently the us stock market fluctuated severely , the us economy remains strong , and the value of us dollar against japanese yen is sure to rise .
masaru hayami told reporters today , " although the us stock prices fall and us dollar is weak , the essential economic indices have not shown any sign of worsening .
despite the slowing-down revival , i do not think the us economy has worsened . "
he said , " however , we are watching closely on the degree of us consumption support and the time when the capital investment of industrialists begins to rebound . "
masaru hayami said that he used to think that when the dollar-yen exchange rate dropped to a certain degree , the exchange value of us dollar would rise again .
he said , " i think us dollar is marching in this direction .
i believe us dollar will not go on dropping . "
at 4.40pm today , the dollar-yen exchange rate was 1 dollar to 118.89 yen , while in new york yesterday it was 1 dollar to 119.07-110 yen , and in tokyo yesterday it was 1 dollar to 119.67-119.70 yen .
us justice department will launch new migrant registry system on september 11 anniversary
afp , washington . a new federal migrant registry to boost surveillance of visitors to the united states who spark elevated national security concerns will be launched september 11 , the anniversary of the terror attacks .
the entry-exit registration system responds to a congressional mandate to track " virtually all " of the 35-million foreign nationals who visit the united states annually before 2005 .
the nseers program , which will start at select ports of entry for travel by land , air and sea for a 20-day trial period before full implementation on october 1 , requires the fingerprinting of a small percentage of foreign visitors .
nationals of iran , iraq , libya , sudan and syria - - countries listed on the us state department 's list of state sponsors of terrorism - - will be fingerprinted , for they are " nonimmigrant aliens whom the state department determines to present an elevated national security risk , " the justice department said in a statement .
these fingerprints will then be matched against databases of " known criminals and known terrorists
these criminals and terrorists are selected according to " intelligence criteria reflecting patterns of terrorist organizations ' activities . "
the registry will also require individuals check in periodically with authorities , similar to programs already in place across europe .
" the vulnerabilities of our immigration system became starkly clear on september 11 , " attorney general ashcroft said .
on that day four hijacked commercial aircraft were crashed in the united states , killing more than 3,000 people .
" this system will expand substantially america 's scrutiny of those foreign visitors who may present an elevated national security risk .
it will provide a vital line of defense in the war against terrorism . "
arab and muslim americans have complained the new rules are biased .
when the program was announced in june , the council on american-islamic relations said it would likely " create a false sense of security and end up further damaging america 's image and reputation around the world . "
south korean president kim dae-jung hospitalized for pneumonia
afp , seoul . south korea 's president kim dae-jung went straight to hospital from a cabinet meeting this morning to be treated for pneumonia , officials from south korean presidential residence blue house said .
it is the second time in four months that the 76-year-old president kim dae-jung has been hospitalized .
blue house spokeswoman park sun-sook said that kim dae-jung was taken to a military hospital in seoul last night becaouse of a " cold " .
the checkup showed signs of pneumonia and kim dae-jung spent the night in hospital , she added .
she said that he returned after chairing the cabinet meeting this morning , and was expected to spend two or three days in hospital under treatment .
kim dae-jung , winner of the nobel peace prize in 2000 , has cancelled all other engagements since the weekend because of his illness .
kim dae-jung was hospitalized for five days in april for exhaustion and stomach problems .
despite being acclaimed around the world for his attempts to engage rival north korea , kim dae-jung 's popularity has slumped at home as two of his sons are on trial for corruption .
oscar-winning actor nicolas cage married elvis'daughter in hawaii
afp , kona , hawaii . spokespersons of hollywood actor nicolas cage and daughter of elvis presley lisa marie presley said that the couple tied the knot in a romantic secret place in hawaii .
" the wedding ceremomy was held at 6.30pm on saturday at the mauna lani bay hotel on the big island of hawaii . " presley spokesperson said .
family and close friends of the couple all attended the wedding .
the bride 's mother , flower girl daughter , and son benjamin , and nicolas ' son weston were all present .
the 38-year-old cage has changed his name so as to differentiate from his famous uncle - - film director ford coppola .
he married actress patricia arquette in 1995 , but they sepatated only one year later and finally divorced in may 2001 .
this wedding was an unusual reunion of the two families , including many members of the coppolas and the bride 's mother .
it is still not clear where the couple will spend their honeymoon , but they would return to the mainland of the united states first .
according to the spokesperson of the hotel , the wedding was held outdoors near the beach .
the 34-year-old bride presley is the daughter of the king of rock'n'roll , elvis presley . and august 9 was the 25th anniversary of elvis ' death .
this is lisa marie presley 's third marriage . she married the well-known pop star michael jackson in her second marriage .
being an actor for 20 years , nicolas cage has starred 35 movies , including leaving las vegas that won him a best actor academy award in 1995 .
bin laden features in zanzibar , new novel of famous british writer
afp , london . the famous british writer foden said that in his next book zanzibar , osama bin laden , head of al qaeda terrorist organization that launched the september 11 terror attacks on the united states , will be one of the main characters .
foden wrote the last king of scotland with the source of ex-dictator amin of uganda , and the novel won him the newly founded literature prize in britain , the whitbread first novel prize in 1998 .
he said that september 11 provoked a long hard think and that affected his novel as much as anything else .
his new work zanzibar is a fiction developed from the bombing of us embassies in kenya and tenzania in 1998 .
us authorities accused bin laden 's al qaeda organization of being behind the atrocities .
the 35-year-old foden said that he researched bin laden by using sources provided by informants that have " not come to light in the western media " .
he said , " the important thing is that i have a story to tell that involves bin laden , but he is not central to it .
it was imperative to try to tell the story as best as i thought it should be told . "
but foden conceded that in the us there were nerves about the subject matter of his upcoming work .
he explained that six or seven drafts of the novel had already been submitted when the september 11 attacks happened .
he said , " you just publish your book and it goes out into the world and we 'll see what happens . "
the novel zanzibar will be published by faber and faber on september 2 .
indonesian president unveiled next year 's budget with a forecast growth of five percent
( agence france-presse , jakarta ) - indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri unveiled a draft budget for 2003 , which forecasts a faster economic growth for indonesia in coming year .
" we have stridden several steps away from the 1997-1998 financial crisis , " megawati said yesterday , the eve of indonesia independence day , while delivering a report of national conditions to parliament .
" following the improvement in economic and non-economic factors in indonesia and overseas , we expect an increase in economic growth to about five percent in 2003 , " she said .
she said there was a growth of 3.5 percent in the second quarter of this year when compared with the same period last year . it is expected that the growth rate may reach 4 percent by the end of this year .
last year , indonesia 's gross domestic product recorded a growth of 3.32 percent .
the 1997-1998 asian financial crisis created a lot of political and social turmoil . indonesia was one of the hardest hit countries .
megawati said the forecasted budget deficit next year would be 26.3-trillion rupiah ( us $ 3-billion ) or 1.3 percent of the gross domestic product , which is lower than the estimated deficit of 2.42 percent this year .
" our goal is to achieve a more sustainable fiscal position , which can then become a foundation for economic and financial stability , as well as a basis for a recovery in confidence , " she said .
the total amounts in the draft budget are 25.3-trillion rupiah or 39 percent lower than this year 's budget .
the government 's revenue is estimated at 327.8-trillion rupiah , which is an increase of 8.6 percent over this year .
the exchange rate of indonesian rupiah is estimated at 8,700 rupiah to a u.s . dollar . the average interest rate charged by central bank is estimated to be 13 percent and inflation rate is eight percent .
pope : divine mercy needed to overcome today 's evil
( agence france-presse , krakow , poland ) - pope john paul ii called for divine mercy to help overcome the different types of evil in today 's world during a consecration of a basilica dedicated to a mystic polish nun .
" this is a proclamation of almighty love of god . it is especially needed in our own times when mankind is facing many different types of evil and has fallen into bewilderment , " the tired-looking pontiff said at today 's consecration of the divine mercy basilica in poland .
the basilica is dedicated to sister faustina kowalska ( 1905-1938 ) . she was a member of the nearby order of sisters of our lady of mercy . she had recorded in her diary that she had visions of jesus , who urged her to spread the merciful love of god to people around the world .
" how greatly today 's world needs god 's mercy ! in every continent , a cry for mercy appears to emerge from the depth of human suffering , " said the pontiff , during the second day of his visit to homeland poland .
" as long as hatred and aspiration for revenge prevail ; so long as war brings sufferings and death to innocent people , then we need mercy to settle human mind and to bring peace , " said the pontiff to about six-thousand disciples in the basilica and the twelve-thousand gathered in the surroundings .
" therefore , here today in this basilica , i solemnly entrust the world to divine mercy , " he said among loud applause from the disciples .
the pope has made " god , rich in mercy " the motto of his eighth papal visit to his homeland .
" just like sister faustina , we wish to proclaim that , apart from the mercy of god , mankind has no other hope , " he said .
the 82-year-old pontiff was standing on a trolley when he was pushed into the basilica . he then sat near the altar to conduct the consecration .
he suffers from parkinson 's disease and arthritis . hence , he is almost immobile .
he looked tired . however , he was happy to serve the city of krakow again . he was the local archbishop before he succeeded the office of pontiff in 1978 .
the pope to consecrate a new basilica dedicated to poland 's first saint sister
( agence france-presse , krakow , poland ) - pope john paul ii unfolds his second day visit after his arrival in homeland poland . he will consecrate the divine mercy basilica dedicated to poland 's first saint sister faustina this morning .
sister faustina ( 1905-1938 ) was a member of the order of sisters of our lady of mercy located near krakow . it was reported that she had visions of jesus , who urged her to spread the merciful love of god .
her message of merciful love of god was widely spread since the difficult period of time after the second world war .
" thanks to the phenomenal testimony of a humble and hardworking sister , saint faustina , the message of merciful love of god can be broadly propagated , " the pope told the mass of people of about fifteen-thousand that were enthusiastically welcoming him .
the pope said his motto for his eighth trip to homeland is " god , rich in mercy " .
the pope had canonized her on april 30 , 2000 .
the divine mercy basilica dedicated to saint faustina was built at a cost of us $ 7.5-million from donations by faithful followers all over the world . the basilica has two-levels and an area of 1,500 square meters . it has the shape of a boat on the outside .
the pope is to take a brief rest in the afternoon and he will then meet with polish president alexander kwasneiwski and prime minister leszek miller separately .
michael schumacher topped the time sheet in hungarian f1 warm-up session
( agence france-presse , budapest ) - the qualifying session for the hungarian stop formula one racing took place on saturday afternoon . the ferrari team topped the time sheet in the warm-up session in the morning . german driver schumacher took the first spot with his brazilian teammate barrichello right after him .
the racetrack of hungarian stop has a total length of 3.975 kilometers . schumacher set a best one-lap time of 1 minute 14.308 seconds in the warm-up session while barrichello was the second fastest with 1 minute 14.469 seconds .
the finnish driver kimi raikkonen from mclaren took the third spot with a result of 1 minute 15.746 seconds , which is more than one second slower than the two stars from ferrari team .
the hungarian stop is the thirteenth race in f1 world championship . the 77-lap event will take place on sunday .
notwithstanding schumacher has effectively won his fifth world championship ahead of time , the ferrari team from italy is still longing to win the championship in this stop such that they can win the team championship in four consecutive years and also their twelve championship in the history of the team .
if schumacher can win the championship in this stop , it will be the tenth stop championship for this season and that sets a new record for him in any single season .
he is a three-time champion in hungary , including last year , when he won the world championship for the fourth time in this stop .
malaysian prime minister mahathir will officially visit myanmar
( agence france-presse , yangon ) - malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad will arrive yangon shortly for a two-day official visit . to the ruling military junta in myanmar , mahathir 's visit happens at a very important moment in time because the myanmar authority is preparing to accelerate the national reconciliation process .
about three-hundred officials and leaders from private sectors will accompany mahathir in this business visit , which is a reciprocal to last year 's visit by than shwe , leader of myanmar , to malaysia .
however , the topics to be discussed in the current visit may not be limited to businesses given the close relationship between mahathir and than shwe .
it is expected that the government led by than shwe will commence a political dialogue with aung san suu kyi , leader of democratic movement .
mahathir is actively pursuing a constructive contact policy with myanmar . in addition , mahathir is in the position of a strong figure inside an authoritative democratic regime . hence , the leaders of myanmar will attach high importance to his suggestions .
with the support from kuala lumpur , myanmar joined the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) in 1997 .
" this type of constructive association and our efforts to bring them into the large family of asean have already achieved fruitful results , " said datuk seri syed hamid albar , foreign minister of malaysia .
" some people think that the progress is too slow . however , there is indeed a positive change and diplomatic isolation is not the best way out , " he said .
he pointed out that malaysia believes it is a correct approach to continue to develop a relationship and to invest in that country . that is going to help myanmar to move towards democracy because " economic development will cause significant changes to standpoint and opinion " .
israeli defense minister will meet with palestinian interior minister
( agence france-presse , gaza city ) - a senior palestinian official , who declined to be named , told agence france-presse that israeli defense minister binyamin ben eliezer will meet with abdel razaq al-yahya , interior minister of palestinian authority .
" israel will contact us today ( 18th ) to confirm whether to hold a meeting tonight or tomorrow , " said the palestinian official .
ben eliezer and al-yahya will discuss a phased withdrawal from newly occupied palestinian areas that have returned to peace , as well as from areas that palestinian security forces are capable of suppressing any anti-israel attack activities .
the aforesaid pullback may start from the gaza strip . furthermore , troops may also be pulled out from bethlehem and hebron .
ben eliezer called the planned troop withdrawal " gaza first " and details were first given to al-yahya on august 5 in jerusalem .
since israel can win praises for the attempt to withdraw troops from gaza , palestinian worry that israel may step up efforts to clamp down newly occupied areas in west bank of jordan river at the same time . hence , israeli officials pointed out that the pullback might also be applicable to bethlehem and even hebron .
according to the planned withdrawal , palestinian security forces will take over areas vacated by israeli troops . israeli troops will retreat back to positions held before the start of the resistance in september 2000 .
russia confirms direct flights between taiwan and russia
( agence france-presse , moscow ) - russia announced today that the first chartered direct flight between taipei and moscow would be launched on the 24th . russia stressed that the arrangement should not be considered as russia 's official recognition of taiwan .
according to reports in russian media last month , china airlines of taiwan will make a maiden flight to moscow on august 24 . transaero airlines of russia will make its own charter flight to taipei on august 31st .
a statement from russian foreign ministry said that these types of flights are " purely unofficial commercial air traffic aimed at enhancing unofficial trade , economic , cultural and tourist links with taiwan " .
" meanwhile , russia continues to abide by the basic principle of one-china . the government of the people 's republic of china is the only representative of china and taiwan is an indivisible part of china , " the statement said .
russian foreign ministry said russia and taiwan would begin scheduled commercial flights if the initial two flights proved to be commercially viable .
in earlier time , china airlines applied to russian civil aviation authority to make charter flights from taipei to moscow in august and september .
an official from russian civil aviation authority said taiwan and russia actually signed a draft agreement on air transportation in 1993 , but it was never confirmed because of pressure from beijing .
beijing opposes the signing of any official air transport agreement between taiwan and any country . beijing maintains such an act is a violation to sovereign rights of china .
robinson : china 's law and order have yet to reach international standards in human rights
( agence france-presse , beijing ) - united nations ( un ) high commissioner for human rights mary robinson said that beijing authority has devoted efforts to improve legal practices inside china . however , china 's law and order have yet to reach international standards in human rights .
robinson is due to finish her five-year term as head of un human rights next month and she is in beijing today to launch her last mission for china . she warns that china still has " an enormous amount of work " to finish if china really wishes to improve its affairs .
this is robinson 's seventh and also her last official visit to china . she has not changed her consistent style of speaking bluntly to beijing on human right issues .
the former irish president said that beijing authority has demonstrated willingness to improve legal procedures . this is evident , among other things , by the massive increase in number of lawyers in china .
notwithstanding that , " in many areas , china 's laws and practices have yet to reach international standards in human rights " .
" in order to transform china 's commitment into legislation and practices across all sectors , there is still an enormous amount of work to finish , " said robinson in a speech to a law forum in beijing .
robinson also mentioned some specific topics in her speech , which include arbitrary arrests and lack of independence in the judicial system etc . these issues are scheduled for discussions in the two-day workshop .
robinson arrived in beijing for visit on the 16th . she urged chinese leaders to put in more efforts to implement reforms .
" i firmly believe : the remarkable development in the chinese economy and culture , as well as the significant improvement in civil , political and social rights , will bring forth a corresponding enhancement in living standards to the chinese people , " she said .
a member of the delegation led by robinson said on the 18th that robinson planned to discuss several human rights issues with china but declined to disclose any further details .
furthermore , robinson is scheduled to meet norodom sihanouk , king of cambodia before she leaves beijing on the 20th .
china is the first stop for robinson 's current asia visit . besides china , she is also visiting cambodia and east timor .
the flooding of river elbe spreads to northern germany
( agence france-presse , berlin ) - the flooding of river elbe spreads further to the north . the dams in sachsen-anhalt state , germany have broken down one by one . the flood is threatening more and more cities and towns . before that , leaders of european countries have already taken actions to coordinate aids to areas affected by the unprecedented flooding in central europe .
the flood has already killed 16 people in germany . sachsen is the hardest hit state and 12 people died so far . the flood continues to spread to the north . vast areas in torgau , sachsen state and dresden , sachsen-anhalt state are covered by water .
wittenberg , martin luther 's hometown , is also flooded . about forty-thousand people vacated the city . since prague , the capital of czech republic , was flooded last week , wittenberg is the latest city affected by the flooding .
river elbe flows from the western part of czech republic into germany and then to the north sea .
the flooding seriously damaged many areas in central europe and had already claimed more than ninety lives .
in germany alone , there are more than 4.2-million people affected by the flooding and more than one-hundred-thousand people were forced to vacate their homes .
the german chancellor , gerhard schroder , announced that european union ( eu ) would create a relief fund to provide aids to central european countries suffering from the flood .
czech authority has issued new orders to evacuate more people on worries that more buildings in prague may be damaged , if by any chance the river vltava starts to flood .
before that , more than 220-thousand czechs vacated their homes because of the worst flooding in more than 100 years .
in hungary , rescue workers estimate that water will reach its highest level some time between the evening of 18th and the 19th . hence , authority has mobilized more than twenty-thousand people to reinforce dams .
in view of the massive losses that may reach billions of euros , schroder called for a special summit in berlin to discuss counter measures for the flooding . european commission president , romano prodi and leaders of austria , czech republic and slovakia attended the summit . the purpose of the meeting is to coordinate and finance the massive rebuilding .
u.s . official said iraq testing biological weapons in the north
( agence france-presse , washington ) - an u.s . official said information obtained by u.s . government indicated that an arab group closely linked to al-qaeda organization might have experimented the toxic gas of ricin on animals and at least one human being in northern iraq .
u.s . abc cable network made the exclusive report . president bush rejected a recommendation to attack this group .
an u.s . official , who declined to be named , told the media that ansar al-islam , an islamic group , conducted experiments in the past several months . however , that area is not under the jurisdiction of iraqi president saddam hussein .
" information indicated they might have experimented the toxic gas of ricin . test targets included barnyard animals . it was also reported that at least one human being was exposed to the toxin , " the official said .
the official said it was reported that the person exposed to the toxin had died . however , there is no way to verify that report .
the pentagon refused to comment on the media report .
according to the u.s . official , there is no evidence to show that saddam hussein is aware of the activities by this group .
the ansar islamic group is an arab organization . at the beginning of this year , the group was reported to be active in kurdish areas in northern iraq .
the official said the ansar islamic group has relationship with al-qaeda organization . however , " it is still not clear at this point as to the nature of their relations and the level of acquaintance " .
the toxic gas of ricin is a biological toxin derived from the coat of a castor bean . the toxic gas kills by inhibiting the human body 's ability to synthesize protein .
according to the report by abc cable news network , the ansar group exposed a man to ricin in a marketplace and then followed him home . the man died shortly afterwards .
forest fire : mongolia state capital ulaanbaatar covers by smoke
( agence france-presse , ulaanbaatar ) - due to huge forest fires , dense smoke is covering ulaanbaatar , state capital of mongolia .
officials said there are eighteen forest fires in the surrounding forests of ulaanbaatar . the closest fire is only five kilometers from city center .
mongolia authority declared a state of emergency yesterday afternoon . notwithstanding a cooler climate is expected next week , there is also not much chance for any rain .
earlier in the day , the dense smoke covering ulaanbaatar has reduced visibility significantly . the smog has mysteriously hidden the surrounding mountains that the five-hundred-thousand local residents can clearly see everyday .
more than a-thousand are fighting the fire . however , the lack of modern fire-fighting equipments - - ulaanbaatar has only one fire fighting truck , which makes the work exceptionally difficult .
meanwhile , similar fires broke out in other areas of mongolia . local officials have been forced to adopt different emergency measures .
the local authority of tosontsengel administrative center , zavkhan province , has decided to evacuate children and seniors because the smog is a threat to human health .
since early july , there have been 119 fires in different areas of mongolia .
in the last few weeks , mongolia has an exceptional dry and hot weather . temperature surged to a high of 40 degree centigrade . most areas are so dry and hot . hence , it is easy to have a fire .
spain 's famous basque sculptor eduardo chillida passed away
( agence france-presse , madrid ) - the world-renowned basque sculptor eduardo chillida died at his hometown , san sebastian , because of illness . he was 78 .
his reputation is well known around the world and his works can be seen as far afield as frankfurt , paris and even dallas , u.s.a .
chillida is regarded as one of the most outstanding sculptors in modern days . before his death , his last but unfulfilled ambition was to carve out an empty space of eleven-story high in the mountain area of canary islands in the atlantic ocean .
however , environmental protectionists strongly oppose his concept and think the carving will damage ecological environment .
calderon , chillida 's son-in-law and also his collaboration partner , announced the death of the artist . calderon pointed out chillida had a health problem since march and he died peacefully .
famous galleries around the world all have collected chillida 's works . apart from large creations , there are sculptures of smaller sizes made from various materials including iron , wood , alabaster , cement , clay , paper , rock and gypsum etc .
in 2000 , important political figures including spain 's king juan carlos , prime minister jose maria aznar and german chancellor gerhard schroder etc . attended the inauguration ceremony of a permanent exhibition center devoted to chillida in san sebastian .
" he is an important figure for spanish arts . without chillida 's sculptures , post-war arts could be completely different , " said catalan artist antoni tapies .
spain 's culture minister pilar del castillo paid tribute to chillida and described him as " a spanish and a basque that possessed exceptional world view in modern arts " .
chillida 's imperishable colossal size creations can be found in various cities in spain , including barcelona , granada and sevilla etc .
russia helicopter crashed in chechnya killing at least 105 people
( agence france-presse , moscow ) - itar-tass quoted an informed source closed to russian army , who said that a russian helicopter crashed in chechnya on the 19th killing at least 105 russian soldiers .
the report said that about 33 people were still hospitalized and 17 of them were seriously wounded .
the mi-26 helicopter crashed onto a minefield when it was about to land in the suburban area of grozny , capital of chechnya .
chechen rebels claimed responsibility for the incident . this is the biggest attack by the rebels in the 35-month long guerrilla war .
russian president vladimir putin already ordered a full investigation on the losses due to the crash of the helicopter .
gennady troshev , the highest commander of russian north caucasus military district , will lead the investigation .
" according to preliminary information , the helicopter was hit by a missile or heavy machine gun before it crashed , " a russian army officer told interfax news agency .
however , a spokesman from russian ministry of defense denied that chechen rebels shot down the helicopter shortly afterwards . the spokesman maintained that the helicopter crashed because of a malfunction in its engine .
nevertheless , a spokesman for maskhadov , chechen rebels , told agence france-presse that the rebels did make the attack . according to him , the helicopter was shot down by an anti-aircraft missile .
the crash took place at 4:55pm on the 19th . at that time , russia was dispatching additional troops to chechnya from its north caucasus base - - mozdok , ingushetia
russian army began an attack on chechnya in october 1999 , which moscow described as an anti-terrorist action . the chechen rebels have since launched a bloody guerrilla war .
so far , about 4,500 russian soldiers were killed in the battle between russia and chechnya .
however , independent observers pointed out that the actual number could be three times higher .
a costing cutting plan for continental airlines
( agence france-presse , houston , texas ) - continental airlines , the fifth-biggest carrier in america , announced today a plan to cut annual costs by us $ 350-million .
the airline said cost cutting measures include a reduction in capacity , reduction in services and new fares for economic class passengers . these measures will save us $ 80-million before the end of the year .
thereafter , the measures can save the airline us $ 350-million a year .
" these initiatives are made in response to dramatic changes in market condition , including continued deterioration in operating revenue and increases in expenditure on fuel , insurance and security , " continental airlines said in a statement .
continental airlines said they have already put aside 49 planes after the 911 terrorist attacks . at this moment , the airline is planning to cancel scheduled flights for eleven md - - 80 planes before the end of 2003 .
in 2003 , capacity on trunk routes in america will be cut by 4 percent from that of 2002 . whereas , the 2002 capacity has been cut by 6.5 percent from the capacity of 2001 .
research discovered that ginkgo does not enhance memory
( agence france-presse , washington ) - the results of a research scheduled for release tomorrow indicates ginkgo does not improve memory and cognition .
chinese herbal medicine has used extract of ginkgo biloba for several thousand years . today , such extract is also widely used in western countries .
in america , sales of ginkgo dosages amount to us $ 310-million in 1998 .
about 230 participants , who were older than 60 , took part in this research .
in earlier times , participants had taken fourteen tests that measure learning , memory and concentration skills .
the details of this research , as published in the 21st issue of the journal of american medical association , indicated that the participants were separated into two groups . one group was given gingko while the other group was given placebo .
according to pharmaceutical manufacturers , there will be concrete results after taking gingko for four weeks .
after six weeks , participants in the research took another series of tests and no difference was found between the ginkgo group and the placebo group .
researchers from williams college , williamstown , massachusetts and the memory clinic in bennington , vermont jointly conducted the research .
coffee and chocolate help fight cancer and heart disease
( agence france-presse , london ) - british scientists said yesterday that they discovered common compounds in coffee , tea , cola and chocolate , which could form the basis of a new drug to fight cancer and heart disease .
peter shepherd , professor of department of biochemistry and molecular biology at university college london said in an announcement that new research indicated caffeine and theophylline , both found in coffee , tea , cola drinks and chocolate , help inhibit cancer cell growth and prevent blood clots .
" we have shown that compounds resembling caffeine play a unique role in blocking an enzyme that is crucial to some cell functions in our body , " shepherd said .
" apart from possible advances in cancer treatment , the research suggests that caffeine type of drugs could be used to treat heart disease and inflammatory illnesses " .
theophylline 's anti-inflammatory property is well known to scientists and has been used for years to treat asthma .
however , shepherd warned that the public should not consume excessive coffee or chocolate . " the next stage of our research will be to develop compounds which mimic caffeine but without its side effects , " he said .
the research will be published in the august issue of the journal of biological chemistry .
russia confirmed that a helicopter was shot down in chechnya and 114 people were killed
( agence france-presse , moscow ) - investigators confirmed that chechen rebels shot down a russian military helicopter and killed 114 soldiers . this is the worst casualties in a single incident in the 35-month long battle in chechnya and has caused the suspension of one high-ranking russian officer .
russian defense minister sergei ivanov departed on the 20th for an inspection of the crash site in the eastern suburban area of grozny , capital of chechnya . " latest information confirmed that there were 147 people on board the crashed helicopter and 33 of them survived , " the minister , looking seriously disturbed , said in a television interview .
ivanov had immediately suspended the duty of russian army 's aviation commander vitaly pavlov , a war hero in the soviet era , because pavlov did not follow safety procedures and he had not issued orders to ban the flying of the huge mi-26 over the air space of chechnya .
meanwhile , interfax news agency quoted a version from russian military command , which said investigators found a strela launcher used by the rebels in the vicinity of the crash site . therefore , investigators rebutted the earlier theory that engine failure crashed the helicopter .
russian president vladimir putin described the crash as " catastrophe " and declared the 22nd as a day of national mourning .
russia commercial news described the crash site as terrible and miserable . survivors had to spare no effort before they could break the window and escaped the suffocating air inside the aircraft . however , some of them were killed by landmine after the narrow escape .
" there was no way for a rescue . the crash site had landmines everywhere . it is necessary to clear the landmines first , " an eyewitness told the reporter .
itar-tass quoted another version from military eyewitnesses , who said they saw the helicopter hit by an object resembling a small missile or the gunfire of a heavy machine gun .
kim jong-il worries his train tour in russia might cause serious inconvenience to the public
( agence france-presse , vladivostok ) - north korea leader kim jong-il worries his train tour in russia might cause serious inconvenience to the public because of the tight security measures adopted in railways and highways along his route .
during a conversation with konstantin pulikovsky , president vladimir putin 's special representative to the far eastern federal district , kim jong-il said he hoped that his train journey to russia did not commit the same error as last year . at that time , serious delays in train schedules and traffic jams caused strong discontent among the public .
a russian reporter told agence france-presse that pulikovsky assured kim jong-il the local authorities are doing their best to reduce inconveniences to the public .
" however , we do not have a head of state visiting these places everyday , " he added .
kim jong-il is due to arrive komsomolsk-on-amur today . he is scheduled to visit major defense industries and factories for the russian air force and navy . he will also meet with some local officials .
he will visit khabarovsk tomorrow .
korean central news agency of north korea reported that several officials , including chief of general staff of people 's army kim yong-chun , first vice foreign minister kang sok-ju and minister of railways kim yong-sam , are accompanying kim jong-il in his russia visit .
kim jong-il may meet with russian president vladimir putin in vladivostok later in the week . the focus of his trip is to enhance the economic relations between the two countries .
in vladivostok , kim jong-il will visit a far east state university , a children center and a warship of the russian pacific fleet .
pulikovsky will accompany kim jong-il throughout the four-day unofficial visit .
pulikovsky will hold meetings with kim jong-il on strengthening the economic ties between russian far eastern federal district and north korea .
official estimates indicate that russian far eastern federal district accounts for seventy percent of the us $ 100-million bilateral trades between russia and north korea .
about twelve-thousand north koreans have become a main source of cheap labor in russian far eastern federal district . most of them work in construction sites , farms and timber factories .
germany : sluggish growth in second quarter
( agence france-presse , wiesbaden , germany ) - according to official data , germany , the largest economy in euro-zone , recorded a small growth in the second quarter ( april to june ) . the second quarter growth rate is actually similar to growth rate for the first quarter ( january to march ) .
federal statistical office of germany said in a statement that the growth rate of germany 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) for the second quarter over the first quarter is 0.3 percent , which is about the same rate for first quarter .
for the first quarter , the growth rate of gross domestic product has been slightly revised upward from the previous reported figure of 0.2 percent .
according to the calculation by federal statistical office of germany , the growth rate of germany 's gdp on an annual basis for april to june is 0.5 percent . for january to march this year , it was a decrease of 1.2 percent .
ministry of finance in berlin immediately announced that the mild economic recovery seen in the first three months has sustained .
ministry of finance said in a statement that " the trend for a positive economic growth is still stable and indicators suggest faster economic activities in the second half of the year " .
according to statistic experts , the second quarter has one more working day than the first quarter . on the other hand , the second quarter this year has two working days less than the second quarter in last year .
if one adjusts for the impact of this working day differences , the growth rate of germany 's gdp in second quarter ( april to june ) over the previous quarter is only 0.1 percent . the growth rate over same period last year is 0.2 percent .
if one takes the first six months as a single period for calculation , then germany 's gdp for the first six months has actually decreased 0.4 percent over the same period last year .
researchers will probe the impact of global warming on the arctic
( agence france-presse , montreal ) - arctic natives , scientists and ecologists are making more warnings about the impact of global warming on the arctic .
this will be a key topic in next week 's united nations earth summit .
" the arctic is warming up at a rate three times faster than the world 's average and canada is warming up two times faster , " said steven guilbeault , officer in charge , greenpeace " canada 's climate changes campaign " .
guilbeault stressed that " ice thickness has decreased by 40 percent in the arctic " over the past 30 years .
canadian researchers expressed serious concerns about the erosion of permafrost in the arctic .
they are closely monitoring the impact of global warming on northern canada , greenland , russia and the united states .
during a meeting in montreal last week , these researchers indicated that the disappearance of permafrost , similar to the melting of ice floes , is rapidly changing the lifestyle of local residents .
researchers said that they would urge officials participating in the ten-day earth summit , which will be inaugurated on the 26th , to speed up the approval of the kyoto protocol on reduction of greenhouse gases .
it is believed that greenhouse gases are the main causes of global warming .
canada acknowledges the harmful effects of greenhouse gases but has avoided taking immediate action on the kyoto protocol . canada indicated that it has to obtain an agreement from its ten provinces on the question .
the united nations passed the kyoto protocol in 1997 , which requires industrialized countries to cut emissions of greenhouse gases to below 1990 levels by 2008-2012 .
the impact of global warming on the arctic has not been fully studied yet . hence , an exploring team comprised of scientists from eight countries , including canada , u.s . and japan etc . , will go to beaufort sea in the western canadian arctic in september and begin a five-year study .
u.s . condemns the latest kidnapping in southern philippines by abu sayyaf rebels
( agence france-presse , manila ) - united states today condemns the latest kidnapping in southern philippines by abu sayyaf . the guerrillas had beheaded two of the six filipino christian hostages .
u.s . embassy spokeswoman karen kelley said , " we strongly condemn the latest terrorist attacks by abu sayyaf muslim rebels .
terrorism is never tolerated and all hostages should be released unconditionally and without harm . "
" united states fully supports the efforts of the philippine government to stop this matter , " she added .
the chopped-off heads of the two cosmetic sales agents were separately found last evening and this morning on the island of jolo .
abu sayyaf guerrillas claimed earlier they had already beheaded the two male hostages .
they kidnapped six hostages on the 20th .
in the beginning of this year , u.s . military advisors helped philippine army lower the threat by abu sayyaf guerrillas in basilan island , southern philippines .
when kelley was questioned about the second phase of the anti-terrorist plan , scheduled to take place in october , she said , " we are holding close discussions with the government of philippines on the next phase of anti-terrorist cooperation . "
both u.s . and philippine government claimed that abu sayyaf muslim rebels are linked to al-qaeda organization .
the baseball fan , who grabbed bonds ' 600th home run ball , has been named defendant
( agence france-presse , san francisco ) - when u.s . professional baseball star barry bonds , the giant cannon of san francisco giant , hit his 600th home run , baseball fans in the bleachers fought in a mess for the record-setting ball ; now , the three buddies , who helped their friend to grab the ball , selected legal actions to protect their interests of an equal share in any profits realized on selling the ball .
this is the second lawsuit for a home run ball . last october , bonds hit a record-setting 73rd home run for the season . there was a tussle among giant fans in the bleachers and two fans are now fighting in san francisco court .
a baseball fan , with the name of jay arsenault , tussled with some other people in the bleachers on august 9 when bonds hit the historic 600th home run . he grabbed the ball but was hurt on the cheek and at the mouth .
he has been named a defendant in solano county court , san francisco .
his three buddies are suing him jointly . it happened that the four of them , including arsenault , agreed to split any profits on sale of the ball equally among themselves if any one of them succeeded in grabbing the ball . however , arsenault now denies the existence of such an agreement .
according to estimates by some people , the market value of bonds ' 600th home run ball grabbed by arsenault is not less than half a-million u.s . dollars .
the three plaintiffs said , according to their original agreement with arsenault , when any one of them grabbed the ball , the other three would protect the one with the ball .
" this is a case about friends that helped grab the ball and now demand a fulfillment of an advance undertaking , " said curtis floyd , attorney representing the three plaintiffs .
the judge ordered arsenault to keep the ball properly until such time a verdict is made .
a former aide of abu nidal said the pan am lockerbie explosion was masterminded by nidal
( agence france-presse , dubai ) - a former aide of the international terrorist abu nidal said the pan am 103 explosion in the sky over lockerbie , a small town in scotland , in 1988 was masterminded by nidal . the explosion killed 270 people .
reports from baghdad this week said abu nidal died .
atef abu bakr was once a spokesman to the fatah-revolutionary council led by abu nidal . he told the arabic newspaper al-hayat that abu nidal claimed the reports " linking lockerbie incident to others are incorrect " during a secret meeting of the leadership of the fatah-revolutionary council . nidal said , " we masterminded this behind the scene " .
abu bakr told al-hayat newspaper that abu nidal forbade the leaking of this information . actually , abu nidal threatened to kill anyone who leaked the information .
he said abu nidal told his subordinates those reports , which guessed an arabian intelligence institution or a muslim organization was responsible for the lockerbie explosion , were wrong .
up till now , the lockerbie explosion was generally regarded as an act by libya . however , it was reported that abu nidal provided services to libyan leader muammar al qadhafi during 1980-1990 .
this week , taher jaleel al-haboush , head of the iraqi intelligence service , said abu nidal was found staying in iraq illegally . when baghdad authority tried to bring him in for an interrogation , abu nidal committed suicide by shooting himself .
however , subordinates of abu nidal maintained that abu nidal did not suicide but was killed by iraqi intelligence agents .
abu nidal , born sabri al-banna , was a palestine activist and a well-known international terrorist . he was responsible for crimes involving more than nine-hundred lives .
during an exclusive interview by al-hayat newspaper , abu bakr disclosed that abu nidal ordered the bombing of the gulf air scheduled flight from abu dhabi to karachi in 1983 . the explosion killed all of the 111 passengers on broad .
abu bakr also disclosed that abu nidal planned to cooperate with an arab country to assassinate egyptian president hosny mubarak in 1989 . however , that plan was discarded later .
u.s . undersecretary of state to visit japan and south korea
( agence france-presse , washington ) - us state department said on the 22nd that john bolton , undersecretary for arms control and international security , will depart on this weekend for a visit to japan and south korea . he will discuss issues of safety and defense .
state department said bolton would visit tokyo from august 24 to 28 and then seoul from august 28 to 30 .
united states , japan and south korea are maintaining close contacts in formulation of their policies towards north korea .
president bush 's administration listed north korea , together with iran and iraq , as part of an " axis of evil " . the aforesaid three countries all have intention to make weapons of mass destruction .
however , state department deputy spokesman philip reeker denied the 22nd report in washington times .
that report said u.s . administration had been locked in a debate as to whether bolton should make a highly critical speech about north korea .
reeker said bolton would meet with officials of the two countries to discuss regional issues , arms control and security matters in this visit .
at the same time , bolton will also make a public speech in seoul .
according to the report in washington times , bolton 's draft speech reiterates president bush 's depiction of the north korea government on january 29 this year , which said north korea is an " evil " and a " terrorist " country .
starbucks offer wireless internet access service along with your coffee
( agence france-presse , san francisco ) - the starbucks coffee chain launched wireless internet access in united states , berlin and london stores this week . the move is a big support to wireless local area inter-network .
the technology is called " wi-fi or wirelessfidelity " , which enables computer users to connect to the internet through 802.11b specification . the aforesaid wireless communication standard permits wireless internet access for notebook computers and other handheld devices through a plug-in card .
starbucks ' wireless internet access is a joint venture between starbucks , hewlett-packard and t-mobile international , a wireless telecommunication company . hewlett-packard will supply the software and hardware while t-mobile is responsible to provide the high-speed digital transmission circuits to starbucks .
wi-fi is a small-scale , high-speed wireless inter-network , which usually covers only one home or a single office .
a number of airports and some public facilities are currently testing this technology .
starbucks ' attempt to launch wireless internet access in its 1,200 coffee stores has been viewed as a big support to wireless local area network . due to the slow progress of mobile phones digital network in the market , including gsm and gprs , wireless local network is gaining popularity .
wi-fi network is relatively easier to set up than wireless inter-network based on mobile phones .
a lot of homes are already using this type of network . computers located in different parts of a family can connect to the internet through a wireless transmitter or gateway .
the cost to set up this kind of wi-fi network is usually less than us $ 300 .
starbucks , which also sell coffee in asia and middle east , hope the service can appeal to the forty-million americans working outside an office . they can now surf the internet at high speed while sipping their coffee .
starbucks are launching a us $ 65 wireless network plug-in card through t-mobile .
" we are excited about launching this service . we believe the roaming service will be welcome by outdoor workers , " a spokesman of starbucks said .
the drying aral sea needs an annual injection of five cubic kilometers of water
( agence france-presse , dushanbe ) - the delegations of the governments of five central asia nations are attending the international fund for aral sea saving board meeting in dushanbe , capital of republic of tajikistan . they are listening to opinions by experts in environmental protection and water management .
according to experts , one has to inject five cubic kilometers of water into aral sea each year in order to save the sea from dying . in addition , it is necessary to ban all farmland irrigation . it is also necessary to implement a ration system to control water extraction from the two rivers feeding the aral sea .
the government of kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan has each sent its own delegation to the meeting .
the gradual disappearance of aral sea has seriously affected the water sources for these five countries .
after the meeting , tajik president emomali rakhmonov said the five countries must coordinate with each other carefully in order to stop the gradual drying of the aral sea .
an expert said water level in aral sea has dropped by 18 meters so far and salt level has increased from 12 grams per liter to 60 grams per liter .
since the russian authority implemented an aggressive irrigation programme in 1960 , the size of the aral sea has shrunk by half .
president rakhmonov said the aral sea crisis is a reflection of a global problem . he stressed that the solution is the constructive use of political wisdom to tackle the issue by the leaders of the five countries in the aral sea basin .
zimbabwean president dissolved cabinet
( agence france-presse , harare ) - zimbabwean president robert mugabe dissolved cabinet today . it is actually a long expected move for zimbabwe , a country increasingly isolated from international community .
the government made a short statement , which said mugabe will study and prepare a list of new cabinet members over the weekend . the new cabinet is scheduled to take an oath of office on 26th .
mugabe has not re-shuffled the cabinet since he won the presidential election in march . his delay in appointment of a new cabinet becomes a subject of debate in litigations on the controversial land reform plan .
the cabinet was also a main subject of political negotiations when nigeria and niger mediated between the two parties after the election .
the opposition democratic change has never admitted mugabe 's victory in the election . mediators suggested the forming a coalition government to solve the stalemate in politics . however , the democratic change refused the suggestion and proclaimed that they will never join the cabinet .
the ruling party unilaterally ended the negotiations .
mugabe bet his political future on a controversial plan that takes away farmland from the white for redistribution to the black . there are numerous reports of violence after the plan began . some critics said the plan only benefits people on mugabe 's side .
u.s . envoy armitage to visit pakistan to harmonize relations
( agence france-presse , islamabad ) - u.s . deputy secretary of state richard armitage arrived in pakistan . he will meet with officials from pakistan military government and try to find possible compromises and mediation in order to reduce the tensions between pakistan and its neighbor , india .
" armitage is on a follow-up trip and his mission is similar to the last south asia visit by secretary of state colin powell . most of his discussions will focus on reducing tensions between india and pakistan , " said u.s . state department spokesman .
the spokesman pointed out that the migration of president pervez musharraf 's military government to democracy would also be a discussion topic for armitage 's trip .
musharraf has unilaterally amended the constitution at the beginning of the week and caused strong objections and noises .
armitage is visiting pakistan after he finished his visit in india .
pakistan alleged that indian army made an offensive action on 23rd . pakistan said india attacked a military post on kashmir border at night . however , indian army encountered strong resistance and suffered heavy casualties .
according pakistani military , indian troops attacked a military post in gultari area in kashmir at the " line of control ( loc ) " separating india and pakistan controlled territories . indian air force supported the action and bombed the area five times .
india immediately denied any offensive attack . it also denied the deployment of air force .
armitage said on the 23rd in new delhi that u.s . is closely monitoring the conflicts between india and pakistan and will endeavor to help resolve issues between the two sides .
us $ 2-trillion lawsuit for all junk faxes in united states
( agence france-presse , san francisco ) - two plaintiffs have filed lawsuits in state and federal courts seeking damages totaling more than us $ 2-trillion . their purposes are to stop junk faxes from clogging up fax machines across united states .
this is the latest movement to fight commercial electronic messages because these messages have already become a nuisance to consumers .
the two , who started the class action on thursday , are seeking damages and punitive damages totaling to us $ 2.2-trillion . they are also trying to invoke different local and federal laws to forbid junk electronic communication .
the lawsuits brought up by the two revealed the conflicting position in freedom of speech between the fax marketing industry and angry fax recipients .
" the rights of freedom of speech stop right outside the door of my home , " said steve kirsch , a computer network businessman and also a philanthropist .
he is attempting to resist info faxes that are clogging up fax machines . these info faxes market all sorts of things , including hair-restorer , mortgages  cash advances , scenic spot  travel packages etc .
the two 's lawsuits are directed at fax.com , its telecommunication services provider , cox business service as well as some advertising customers of fax.com .
" as with email spamming , junk faxes have recently gotten out of control . fax.com alone claims sending three-million unsolicited faxes per day , " kirsch said in a statement .
protesters criticize president bush 's iraq policy
( agence france-presse , dana point , california ) - about 150 protesters were demonstrating here to protest u.s . president bush 's public vow to overthrow iraqi president saddem hussein . they were shouting " drop bush , not bombs " .
bush was holding a fund-raising luncheon inside a hotel to give strong support to republican california governor candidate bill simon . this is bush 's second , out of three , fund-raiser in california . actually , bush is also paving way for his own re-election .
police kept protesters at the other side of street and secret services responsible for safety of president bush were monitoring the situation closely .
protestors were gathering at the other side of the tennis court . they were waving placards , shouting slogans and counterattacking supporters of president bush .
" do not shed blood for oil , " shouted a very tall man .
other protesters were holding placards saying " war is also terrorism " and " we do not want your war " etc .
" take down this guy . he stole the presidential office , " a protester with dark skin shouted .
he was obviously referring to the controversial u.s . president election in 2000 .
" his name is bush and he is a fascist , " another youth said .
the youth is holding a board , which said : " patriotism create idiots " .
another woman was holding a placard demanding the " stop of all patriotic legislation " .
after the september 11 terrorist attacks , many patriotic legislation in u.s . have broadened the government 's power to arrest and detain suspects .
most of president bush 's supporters remained silent . however , they were holding placards with " w " written on them , which symbolize the meaning : " bush , california love you " .
an economist thinks bush is a big threat to world economy
( agence france-presse , rio de janeiro ) - during an interview in brazil , nobel laureate u.s . economist joseph stiglitz said that u.s . president bush poses a much greater threat to global economy than any presidential candidate in brazil .
stiglitz told the daily o globo , " i think bush poses a much greater danger to global economic policy than any candidate in brazil .
if i had to choose between bush and the brazilian presidential candidate luiz inacio lula da silva , i would choose lula " .
" when presidential candidates rise to power , they usually have a better judgment than before of what their obligations are . that is the reason why u.s . situations attracted so much attention after bush came to power . bush is not dealing with financial and economic problems with proper caution , " stiglitz said .
brazilian financial markets were unstable in past two months , reflecting investors ' worries about the upcoming presidential elections and also the market 's vulnerability to economic crisis in neighboring argentina .
in addition , bush 's attempt to boost the economy through a 10-year tax cut of us $ 1.35-trillion has received criticism because that will greatly reduce the accumulated surplus left by former president bill clinton 's administration .
stiglitz was once an adviser to president clinton and also a chief economist of the world bank . he was awarded the 2001 nobel prize for economics along with two other us economists . the three had analyzed the major role of knowledge in a market economy .
iraq denies possession of medium-range missiles or ties to al-qaeda organization
( agence france-presse , washington ) - in a cnn programme broadcasted on the 24th , iraqi ambassador to united nations ( un ) mohammed aldouri denied that iraq has possession of medium-range ballistic missiles capable of striking israel or ties to islamic militants masterminded the september 11 terrorist attacks . he was trying to ease up the pressure of united states to baghdad .
however , he did not suggest un weapons inspectors have unconditional access to his country . he urged to hold talks between iraq and international community to sort out " remaining " issues .
" we are asking to have a thorough discussion on what has been implemented of the security council resolutions as well as any remaining issue , " aldouri said in a cnn programme .
he also rebutted allegations that his country possesses nuclear weapons capability or any hidden medium-range scud missiles capable of reaching israeli soil .
under the terms of a un ceasefire agreement that ended the 1991 gulf war , baghdad was obligated to destroy all of its scud missiles .
the agreement also limited the range of any iraqi ballistic missile to 150 kilometers or less .
according to a latest report by the centre for strategic and international studies , iraq has been working on two short-range missile systems that meet un requirements : al samoud and ababil-100 .
however , the report also pointed out that the al samoud " is basically a scaled-down scud , and its development work enables baghdad authority to develop technological capabilities that could be applied to a longer-range missile programme . "
the study also indicated that iraq might have succeeded in hiding from un weapons inspectors a limited number of scud launchers and missiles capable of striking its neighbor countries .
meanwhile , aldouri did not made any clarification about allegations by u.s . defense secretary donald rumsfeld that there is an al-qaeda terrorist network inside iraq . he denied baghdad had any meaningful relationship with al-qaeda organization led by osama bin laden . al-qaeda masterminded the september 11 terrorist attacks .
court freezes joseph estrada 's assets during his trial on corruption
( agence france-presse , manila ) - philippine court issued an injunction order against assets of former president joseph estrada today in light of prosecutor 's proclamation of plunder of assets .
the anti-graft court issued a " fictitious distress warrant " to freeze assets , which included two buildings under the name of estrada 's relative .
the order also froze deposits amounting to 212.531-million pesos , which estrada had put into banks under different names .
spokesman renato bocar said the injunction order " is being executed now by court sheriff " .
if estrada is found innocent , the order will be lifted . however , if he is found guilty , " these properties might be auctioned to satisfy any monetary judgment " .
senate impeached president estrada last year for accusations of serious corruptions . he was ousted from office during a people 's revolution backed by the military .
prosecutors allege estrada embezzled us $ 80-million during the thirty months in office .
prosecutors also allege estrada protected illegal gambling in order to get money to buy luxury houses for himself and his mistresses .
estrada strongly denied any illegal acts . he maintained that he was illegally ousted from the presidency .
in theory , illegal plundering of money and corruptions are never tolerated in a catholic country and are punishable by death . however , the related officials indicated estrada might be pardoned from any death sentence .
u.s . envoy armitage arrived in beijing for talks
( agence france-presse , beijing ) - u.s . deputy secretary of state richard armitage arrived in beijing today . armitage is expected to hold talks on the upcoming summit in united states between the two heads of state .
armitage departed from pakistan for beijing . yesterday in pakistan , he held long talks with pakistani president pervez musharraf on the continuous disputes at kashmir regions and current situations between the troops of pakistan and india .
u.s . white house officials said earlier that armitage is expected to hold consultative talks with high-ranking chinese officials tomorrow ( monday ) . they will discuss some bilateral and regional issues including some preparation works for chinese president jiang zemin 's upcoming u.s . visit on october 25 .
jiang zemin is scheduled to hold talks with u.s . president bush at bush 's crawford , texas ranch before attending the 2002 unofficial summit of asia pacific economic cooperation ( apec ) in mexico .
both u.s . and china 's head of state will attend the unofficial 2002 apec summit .
apart from seeking beijing government 's continued support to the global war on terrorism , armitage is also scheduled to discuss the difficult taiwan issue and other topics like weapons proliferation , economy , trade and human rights .
armitage is visiting asia in a hurry . he has already met with leaders of sri lanka , india and pakistan .
after his visit in china , he will go to tokyo , japan next tuesday for another visit .
despite setbacks , israeli defense minister is not abandoning the troop withdrawal plan
( agence france-presse , jerusalem ) - israeli defense minister binyamin ben-eliezer said the plan of gradual troop withdrawal from palestine advocated by him is still " effective " . he maintained that palestinian security forces are trying to control militants such that the plan for israel troops ' withdrawal from some re-occupied palestinian territories may proceed .
however , high level of israeli military warned that " palestinian terrorism is spreading like cancer " .
israel and palestine authority signed this not so rigid agreement two weeks ago in jerusalem . the original intention is to extend the plan to gaza strip and hebron . however , hard-line palestinian groups in gaza strip said the aforesaid plan would destroy their activities against israel in the past two years . they have sworn to tear the agreement and hence , violence in gaza strip has escalated .
as to hebron , israeli army eliminated the possibility of an immediate withdrawal because of security reasons .
during an interview by an israeli military radio station , ben-eliezer made the point clear , " this agreement is still effective . i believe palestinians are trying their best . it is not that bad up till now . as far as our preset targets are concerned , i am personally satisfied .
we will continue high level dialogues with the palestinian side today , tomorrow and the day after tomorrow . we will discuss ways to carry this plan through " .
meanwhile , israel army 's new chief of staff moshe ya'alon warned that the threat from palestinian militants should not be underestimated .
israeli military radio quoted his speech in a report , " palestinian terrorism is the greatest threat to israel because it is spreading like cancer .
we have to defeat palestinians such that they know in their heart there is no chance of achieving any goal by violence .
palestinians selected violence , which reflect their denial of the existence of israel . they have never admitted the fact that israel was found a state . "
ian thorpe may quit partnership with coach after pan pacific championship
( agence france-presse , yokohama ) - australian swimmer ian thorpe , who is a current holder of three world records , may quit partnership with longtime coach doug frost after the pan pacific championships in yokohama .
according to reports in various australian newspapers today , 19-year old thorpe is thinking about a split with frost , who has coached him since aged eight in swimming pools in suburban sydney . frost has also fostered him all the way to a world super star .
reports said this world-renowned swimmer , who has received courteous reception similar to a rock star in japan , might opt for tracey menzies , a young assistant of frost .
thorpe has won six gold medals in world championships last year and also six gold medals at the commonwealth games in manchester this month . throughout all this time , doug frost is the only coach for him .
he refused to confirm or deny the rumor that they may end their longtime successful partnership .
" everything is undecided , " thorpe said in yokohama .
the 58-year old coach , frost , who is accompanying thorpe here for the competition , has refused to comment . he has only said that it is not convenient to make any public comments until thorpe 's competition is over .
thorpe is one of a handful of swimmers with brilliant world records in our time . so far , he has broken thirteen world records in long course swimming .
investigation shown that chechen rebels shot down the russian helicopter
( agence france-presse , moscow ) - the russian military investigation report on the crash of a transport helicopter the other day determined that the aircraft was shot down by chechen rebels .
the crash of the helicopter had killed 116 people and is the biggest one time loss to moscow in the chechnya war .
the investigation report released through major russian new agencies today is an embarrassing blow to president vladimir putin , who has claimed victory in the chechnya war several times .
in fact , the chechnya war has never ended . putin is now facing new evidence that the rebels are not only well organized but they appeared within shooting range of the russian headquarters in chechnya .
the report prepared by the chief military headquarters in north caucasus concluded that the mi-26 helicopter was shot down one week ago by a portable missile .
the report further said they are conducting a further investigation because officials suspect the strela missile might have been stolen from a russian warehouse in the suburban area of grozny , capital of chechnya .
during the 35-month long chechnya war , there are already reports from time to time that chechen rebels have successfully purchased russian weapons from russian federal forces .
samsung electronics decided to further expand its non-memory system lsi business
( agence france-presse , seoul ) - the world 's biggest memory chip maker , samsung electronics company , today announced a us $ 3.3-billion investment plan to turn samsung electronics into a major maker of non-memory system lsi ( large-scale integration ) circuits .
samsung electronics said it wants to boost annual sales of system lsi circuits from us $ 1.4-billion last year to us $ 7-billion by 2007 .
samsung electronics decided to invest 4-trillion korean won ( us $ 3.3-billion ) in next five years for research and development of new technology .
" we plan to increase annual sales of system lsi circuits to us $ 7-billion . this will place us within the top five system lsi circuits manufacturers in the world , " said hyung-kyu lim , president of system lsi business , samsung electronics .
he said that revenue from system lsi circuits this year is expected to grow 28 percent over last year and amounts to us $ 1.8-billion .
he said samsung intends to achieve by 2005 a no . 1 position in terms of world market share in display driver ics ( integrated circuit ) , smart card ics , mobile cameras , optical disk chipsets and personal network chipsets .
samsung electronics is likely to have record-breaking profits this year despite a lingering slowdown in global information technology industries .
tokyo court rejects chinese plaintiffs ' germ warfare compensation claim
( agence france-presse , tokyo ) - one-hundred and eighty chinese plaintiffs jointly sued the japanese imperial army for using germs during japan 's invasion war with china , which caused harms to the plaintiffs themselves or harms to their relatives . they demanded a public apology from japan and a compensation of 10-million yen ( us $ 84,000 ) to every victim , which the tokyo court has today rejected .
one-hundred-eighty plaintiffs , who are either relatives of victims or survivors of japanese army 's germ warfare in zhejiang and hunan from 1940 to 1942 , had brought up the civil suit jointly .
they sought compensations for brutalities committed by japanese kwangtung army unit 731 , which included " bombing " many cities of mainland china with pestilence , cholera and other germs .
the unit " 731 " had more than two-thousand men . with headquarters in harbin , the unit operated what some historians called a killing factory , cultivating fatal germs and conducting live autopsy .
according to research by japan , china and other countries , unit 731 killed more than ten-thousand chinese and allied prisoners of war .
the japanese government admitted the existence of unit 731 several decades after the war . however , japanese government denied its awareness of any illegal activities by the unit and hence , refused demands of compensation for destructions caused by the unit .
the japanese authority also put up the defense that an individual has no right to seek war damages from a belligerent country .
cambodia starts a clean-up after the disaster and is worrying about food shortage
( agence france-presse , phnom penh , cambodia ) - as the serious floods showing signs of easing , cambodia is starting a clean up . the floods have forced about half a-million cambodians along the mekong river to vacate their homes .
officials were gratified that the flooding lasted only for a short period of time . however , they said they are concerned about food shortages and diseases caused by drought and then floods .
loy sophat , governor of kratie , a province in northeast cambodia , said that about forty percent of the local residents would suffer from a serious shortage of food .
" at this moment , we have to start the first measure and that is to send food to safe areas located at higher grounds , " sophat said .
cambodia had experienced the worst drought in twenty years . the drought was removed after the edge of several violent storms brought light rainfall to the country . these storms had attacked mainland china , vietnam and laos .
water level surged at the northern section of mekong river and reached the highest level since 1966 . water then flowed at great speed to the south . when water reached the mekong river delta , phnom penh was flooded .
only about half of cambodia 's annual crop had been planted due to the drought and officials fear much of the crop has been swept away by the floods .
sophat said floods affected about 85,000 people or 17,500 families , and left about four-thousand families homeless .
he said , " floods will trigger diseases but we can not allow the spreading of diseases , which might get out of our control .
we will try everything to control the problem . "
white house urged an attack on iraq
( agence france-presse , crawford , texas ) - white house charged those who oppose military actions against iraq as " purposely ignore the mortal threat " of iraq .
white house said u.s . president bush could decide whether to initiate an attack .
amid slipping support for an attack on iraq to evict saddem hussein and increasing doubts about president bush ' iraq policy , vice president dick cheney made a speech today , which is bush administration 's most strong argument to date for an military action .
during a speech at a veterans of foreign wars convention in nashville of tennessee , cheney said , " at a time when we face a mortal threat , we can not submit ourselves to wishful thinking or willful blindness .
we will not evade or willfully hope for the best and leave the matter for some future administration to resolve . "
cheney further said united states would cooperate with allies to deal with this problem , and , furthermore , united states has a moral obligation to execute the mission .
cheney said united states would continue to solicit support from allies and countries in the persian gulf for a military action . united states can not wait and has to take actions before saddam hussein obtains any nuclear weapon .
iranian president mohammad khatami warned u.s . against any attack on iran
( agence france-presse , tehran ) - the iranian president mohammad khatami has warned u.s . in strong terms against any military interference on iran . he said such action would not only harm u.s . interests but also interests of the whole region and the whole world .
" u.s . administration is an extremist and war-mongering " , he said .
" i hope they will not pursue this kind of evil acts ( like attacking iran ) , which will not only harm u.s . interests but also interests of the whole region and the entire planet , " khatami said .
he further indicated that if u.s . starts an attack , " i can guarantee the people ( of iran ) and the government will resolutely defend this country , its independence and completeness " .
in january this year , u.s . president bush named iran , iraq and north korea as members of the " axis of evil " and they were listed as targets in the war on terrorism .
furthermore , khatami also reiterated tehran 's stance against any u.s . attack on its neighboring country , iraq .
he also indicated that he believes even the public opinions inside america will gradually turn the other way - more and more americans will oppose any attack action .
swimming genius thorpe helps grow australian tourism
( agence france-presse , sydney ) - australian tourist commission managing director ken boundy said the outstanding swimming records of australia 's famous swimmer ian thorpe , as well as his super star status in japan is lending a helping hand to revive australia 's tourism , which has declined significantly after the september 11 incident .
boundy said thorpe is like the icing sugar on cakes and has successfully attracted japanese tourists to come for leisure tours .
according to boundy , the current number of inbound tourists is still below pre-911 levels . however , the number of japanese tourists is gradually rebounding after aggressive marketing strategies and thorpe 's superb performance in the pan pacific championship .
yokohama of japan is hosting the pan pacific championship at this moment . thorpe has already won four gold medals in a row .
boundy pointed that the brilliant performance of thorpe has greatly enhanced australia 's eminent position .
in japan , thorpe , just like golf talent tiger woods , is a super star in sports to japanese . he also possesses large admirer groups on par with rock-and-roll idols .
the global recession and fear of terrorism after the september 11 incident have greatly affected australia 's tourism .
according to latest statistics , the number of inbound tourists in july has greatly decreased over same period last year . tourists from new zealand decreased by 25.5 percent , tourists from britain decreased by 17.7 percent and tourists from america decreased by 8.4 percent .
however , tourists from japan have only slightly decreased by 1.4 percent .
capriati is happy to be stuck in between the williams sisters - at least , the two can not compete with each other
( agence france-presse , new york ) - champion of australia open , jennifer capriati , denounced richard williams for disrespectful remarks as the discord between the two appears never ending ; capriati said she is happy to be stuck in between the williams ' sisters otherwise the two sisters will have another chance to compete with each other in grand slam final .
third seeded capriati easily beat u.s . qualifier bethanie mattek 6-0 , 6-0 in a first-round u.s . open match . she took the opportunity to criticize remarks of richard williams , father of first and second seeded williams ' sisters , to inside tennis magazine .
richard williams said jennifer capriati should stop cursing others on the court and listen more to her father . capriati denounced richard as ignorant and disrespectful .
capriati said , " he always talks nonsense . that is bad and he has no taste . he should just concentrate on his daughters . i do not need his advice .
i have never made personal attacks to others . i could say things about others just like him . however , i am not going to because i will lower my style for that . "
venus williams beat serena williams in last year 's u.s . open final and that was their first showdown for a grand slam title ; however , serena beat her elder sister venus later in succession during the wimbledon and french open finals .
serena has beaten capriati three times this year including 3-6 , 7-6 ( 7  2 ) , 6-2 in french open semi-finals ; 6-2 , 3-6 , 7-5 in rome semi-final and a 7-5 , 7-6 ( 7  4 ) in miami final .
" it is going to be hard with me . i have played serena tough . i think i am going to win some of the matches , " capriati said .
north korea 's asian games delegates arrived in busan , south korea
( agence france-presse , busan , south korea , 23rd ) - north korea 's athletes arrived in busan today for the asian games . it is the first time that north korea athletes attend an international sporting event in south korea .
the 159 contestants from north korea traveled by a chartered plane of air koryo and arrived the pohang airport , northern busan , at about noon ( taipei time ten o'clock ) .
north korea athletes were dressed in black suits and red ties . they were holding the north korea flag in their hands when leaving the plane . they waived their hands to the several dozens of south koreans , who were holding the " united korean " flags .
delegates arriving today are the first batch of a 655-strong asian games delegation that north korea is sending . the asian games is to be held in busan , a southern city of south korea , from september 29 to october 14 .
this asian games is the first occasion in which north korea joins an international sporting event held in south korea since the division of south and north korea in 1945 .
north korea did not join the 1986 asian games in seoul , the 1988 olympic in seoul , nor the 2002 fifa world cup jointly hosted by south korea and japan .
asian leaders hope that euro can become an alternative means to international trade payment
( agence france-presse , elsinore , denmark ) - danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen said asian leaders , who are gathering in denmark together with leaders of european union for the asia-europe meeting ( asem ) summit , are highly interested in the possibility that the euro might become an alternative to u.s . dollars as a means of international payment .
the host organized a dinner in elsinore on the 22nd as a prelude to the two-day asem summit in copenhagen .
" i would not be surprised if asian countries prepare to use euro as a means of payment for international transactions in future , " rasmussen told reporter after the dinner .
rasmussen said asian leaders raised numerous questions about the role of euro as an international reserve currency . also , the exchange rate movements between euro and u.s . dollar were also given close attention .
according to diplomatic sources , malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad took the lead in the discussions , focusing on euro 's role as a rival to u.s . dollar in international trade .
other leaders highlighted the possibility of asian countries themselves moving towards the adoption of a single currency .
informed sources said thailand 's prime minister , thaksin shinawatra , brought up the possibility of issuing " asian bonds " in a joint currency .
before the creation of euro , the european currency unit ( ecu ) , which was a basket of european currencies , was frequently used in bond issues by government and corporations .
iraq problem raises concern : oil price hits new high
( agence france-presse , london , 23rd ) - iraq said it would oppose any new united nations ( un ) resolution imposing new conditions in disarmament . oil price surged in new york and london right after the comment and reached a two-year and one-year high respectively .
the reference brent north sea crude for november delivery rallied to us $ 29.11 a barrel in late trading . that price is last seen after the september 11 incident . the closing price in the previous trading day was only us $ 28.43 .
in new york , the light sweet crude november future had surged 78 u.s . cents to us $ 30.62 a barrel in early trading . this is the highest price since february 2001 .
" oil price surges today as iraq changes its tone , " said abn amro trader mark keenan .
last saturday , iraq said it would not accept any new un resolution imposing new conditions in disarmament . this has raised concerns to the outside world - iraq recently declared its stance to allow weapons inspectors to re-enter the country but that move alone might not be able to avert a military attack .
" iraq is still the key and there are signs that weapons inspectors are running into some difficulties , " said gni analyst lawrence eagles .
imf official expressed concerns about south korea 's surging consumer credit
( agence france-presse , seoul , 24th ) - an international monetary fund ( imf ) official expressed concern about south korea 's surging consumer credit and credit card delinquency .
imf 's representative in seoul , paul gruenwald , said south korea 's economy could be undermined by surging loans to households and the increasing rate of credit card delinquency .
gruenwald said during a seminar , " credit card delinquency ratio is rather high and is still rising .
we need to watch this closely . "
gruenwald also advised the south korea government to change its policy of ensuring fiscal surpluses every year . it is expected that the fiscal surplus this year will reach about one percent of the gross domestic product ( gdp ) .
" south korea 's fiscal policy should be relaxed , " gruenwald said .
he described the maintenance of fiscal surpluses as " not a good policy " .
however , gruenwald said south korea is expected to post a " healthy " growth rate next year because of a rebound in domestic consumption as well as a recovery in exports and investments .
he expects south korea 's gdp to grow 6.25 percent this year and six percent next year .
gruenwald urged south korea to press ahead with economic reforms and privatization of state-owned banks .
imf provided a us $ 58 billion bailout solution to south korea , which has improved its financial positions significantly and helped it to fend off external and internal shocks .
japan makes natural gas deals with iran and qatar to diversify its energy sources
( agence france-presse , tokyo , 24th ) - analysts said japan has recently signed natural gas deals with iran and qatar and that will help japan to decrease its dependence on oil imports .
" the deals have an estimated total value of 500-billion yen ( us $ 4.1-billion ) and are among the biggest gas development projects in the world , " said takeo suzuki , gas division in-charge at the institute of energy economics , japan .
" these deals are one of the measures taken by japan to lessen its dependence on oil , " said suzuki .
takeo hiranuma , japanese minister of economy , trade and industry , signed the agreements with iran and qatar during the international energy forum held in osaka .
the three-day energy forum concluded yesterday .
qatari energy and industry minister abdullah bin hamad al attiyah pointed out he welcomes japanese companies to participate in the natural gas plan at north field of the persian gulf .
on the other hand , iranian oil minister bijan namdar-zangeneh also told hiranuma that he encourages japanese companies to participate in the natural gas development plan at south pars of the persian gulf .
suzuki said judging from the geographical locations , the two natural gas fields are linked with each other .
he said situations suggested japan is trying to lessen its dependence on oil . meanwhile , these deals are advantageous to iran and qatar in terms of obtaining technology support from japanese companies .
under japan 's current energy demand pattern , oil accounts for 50 percent and natural gas accounts for only 13 percent .
however , tokyo government is trying to increase the usage of natural gas and related energy products . tokyo hopes the ratio of natural gas will go up to 20 percent by 2020 .
dead bodies of 12 illegal immigrants , who were forced to jump ship , found in south sicily
( agence france-presse , rome , 24th ) - rescuers said italian authority pulled 11 dead bodies from the sea off south sicily and they later found another body in nearby areas . these are corpses of illegal immigrants who were forced to jump into the sea by human smuggler .
italian security officials rescued 50 tunisian illegal immigrants from the sea off ragusa province , sicily . these illegal immigrants had been drifting in seas with raging waves for more than forty-eight hours . it was so difficult before they made it to the water some 300 kilometers off sicily . however , these men were then forced to jump into the sea .
security officers from italian coastguard tracked and apprehended a 27-year old tunisian human smuggler and confiscated his ship .
on the 23rd , the human smuggler was brought back to the scene in handcuffs .
" it is not my fault . you have to blame the huge stormy waves , " he said .
he candidly admitted to investigators that there are indeed some organized gangs smuggling illegal immigrants between tunisia and italy .
italy has a very long coastline and as such , attracts many african and asian illegal immigrants to use the country as a springboard to enter europe illegally .
malaysia uses sin tax to fund health care programme
( agence france-presse , kuala lumpur , 24th ) - malaysian government announced that it will use revenue from levies on tobacco and alcohol , the so called " sin taxes " , to fund health care and sports activities .
malaysian health minister chua jui meng said a newly established malaysian health foundation would take over the sponsor role in sports events played by tobacco companies after the ban on tobacco advertising becomes effective next year . the foundation will also promote an anti-smoking campaign .
according to malaysian media reports , malaysia 's taxes on tobacco generate revenues as high as rm 1.5-billion a year ( us $ 395-million ) . however , it is still undecided at this moment what percentage of this tax revenue should be injected into the aforesaid foundation .
malaysia will study the model in thailand and also similar plans used in several australian provinces . " the ratio in thailand is 2 percent , which is equal to a huge sum of money , " chua jui meng said .
muslim is the majority in malaysia . hence , the tax rate on alcohol is also rather high . last year , two publicly listed breweries have together paid rm 760-million in " sin taxes " .
islam bans alcohol . taxes on tobacco and alcohol are therefore called " sin taxes " .
iraq claims the contents in the weapon dossier prepared by britain totally baseless
( agence france-presse , baghdad , 24th ) - in response to britain 's allegation that iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction , iraqi minister of culture hamid youssef hammad said today that the claims are " totally baseless " .
hammad said british prime minister " tony blair is anti-iraq and therefore , everything he said are totally baseless " .
he further said british house of commons is going to debate the iraq problem later in the day and " the speech of blair will be challenged by his own labor party " .
hammad directed his response against a weapon dossier on iraq released by british government earlier today .
the british dossier pointed out that if baghdad obtained nuclear fuel and " other essential materials from abroad , iraq has the capability to produce nuclear weapon within one or two years " .
furthermore , the british dossier also indicated that iraq could deploy chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes .
hammad said british " allegation is part of the lies plotted by the zionists world " .
" according to all reports submitted by former united nations weapons inspectors , iraq does not possess such weapons . those weapons had been destroyed by weapons inspectors or by iraq itself , " he said .
south and north korea set up a military hotline
( agence france-presse , seoul , 24th ) - the south and north korea have set up an across the border military hotline today to lower the risk of possible conflicts when both sides clear landmines for the construction of highway links between the two koreas .
south korea defense ministry said this is the first hotline installation between south and north korea . engineering teams from the two koreas cleared the buffer zone on the 19th to start work on the hotline .
" the hotline is now connected but the two sides have yet to talk through the hotline , " officials from south korea defense ministry said on the 24th .
north korea told us a technical problem had delayed an immediate communication between the two sides .
the two koreas agreed to re-connect two sets of rail and highway links , which were broken for half of a century . one of them is on the west coast of korean peninsula and the other one is on the east coast of the korean peninsula .
in addition , the work to clear landmines in the demilitarized zone ( dmz ) , which separates south and north korea , is also in progress .
the dmz is a 4-kilometer wide , 250-kilometer long buffer zone extending from west coast to the east coast . there are no inhabitants in the zone but several millions of landmines were laid there .
after the historic breakthrough in the reconciliation between the two koreas , south and north korea said they would establish traffic links among themselves .
south korea ministry of construction and transportation brought out a report , which said north korea 's railway facilities , are old and obsolete . after that , the two sides opted to establish the aforesaid communication line first .
according to the report by south korea ministry of construction and transportation , the proposed rail link from seoul to north korea | china and even russian border might have to be delayed because rail tracks , tunnels and other railway facilities in north korea are either collapsed , ragged or lack of maintenance . these facilities require complete restoration or replacement . most of the bridges along the railway also need complete replacement before they are usable .
yoko ono sued former assistant seaman for profiting from late lennon
( agence france-presse , new york , 24th ) - former beatle lead singer john lennon 's widow yoko ono is suing lennon 's former assistant frederic seaman in court today . yoko alleged seaman profits from the late lennon .
the 69-year old ono fired seaman 20 years ago . she said she caught him dressed in lennon 's clothes and he also falsified accounts to her .
ono filed a lawsuit with federal court in manhattan and demands seaman to return profits of us $ 75,000 from sales of personal letters and manuscripts of lennon . yoko is also fighting for the copyright of several hundred lennon photos .
after the selection of jurors was finalized , the court started the hearing since monday .
seaman 's attorney said those pictures of lennon were taken with seaman 's own camera and hence , ownership is with seaman .
according to ono , seaman signed a confidentiality agreement in 1979 when he was employed as personal assistant to lennon .
lennon was assassinated in 1980 outside his apartment in the western side of new york 's central park .
seaman was fired the next year . in 1983 , seaman pleaded guilty to larceny for stealing lennon 's diaries . he was sentenced to five years ' probation .
among the letters that yoko ono alleged seaman had stolen , some highlighted the furious disagreements between lennon and another member of beatle , paul mccartney .
vatican speeds up sainthood scrutiny of mother teresa
( agence france-presse , vatican , 23rd ) - vatican has decided in a meeting to pronounce the virtues and miracles of the late mother teresa , which is the first step to her canonization .
the saint of the poor , mother teresa was an indian of albanian decent . supporters wish she could be canonized in record speed and hopefully before the end of the year .
on october 1 , cardinals and bishops of the congregation for the causes of saints will meet again to recognize a miracle - the healing of a woman 's abdominal tumor after she prayed for mother teresa 's intercession .
at that time , the pontiff , pope john paul ii may attend the meeting .
the presence of the pontiff , a great admirer of mother teresa 's founding of the missionaries of charity , could speed up the scrutiny process . the vatican might be able to announce the validation of mother teresa 's " heroic acts " , or her miracle , or both .
mother teresa , the most famous catholic nun in history , set up the missionaries of charity in calcutta in 1950 and lived in india until her death in september 1997 .
she served the poorest and the dying and for that , she earned a nobel peace prize .
a two-year diocesan inquiry into mother teresa 's life and evidence of miracles was completed in august this year .
the bishops in calcutta produced a report of 76 volumes and about 35,000 pages long , and are currently under scrutiny at the vatican .
if mother teresa is listed as a saint within the next few months , only five years after her death , then she is named a saint within a very short period of time , among the 758 saints recognized by the roman catholic church .
after dethroned as miss universe , miss russia denies that she is married
( agence france-presse , moscow , 24th ) - oxana fedorova , the miss universe winner dethroned for failing in her duties , denies u.s . newspapers ' allegation that she is married or she has gained weight .
" i am not married and i have not gained weight , " the russian beauty said during a special interview , which is published in today 's " russian daily gazeta " . she added that she wanted to concentrate on what was most important to her - her studies .
fedorova is studying at the university of the russian interior ministry in saint petersburg . she told russian daily gazeta that she is about to write a thesis in civil law .
america 's " new york post " quoted an informed source within the new york based miss universe organization , who said that the 24-year old former miss universe had put on some weight , was pregnant and married to her boyfriend .
miss panama justine pasek , first runner-up , is to ascend to the title of miss universe 2002 .
donald trump , u.s . billionaire and owner of miss universe beauty pageant , is scheduled to hand over the crown that symbolizes miss universe in a press conference in new york today .
manchester united , a strong contingent in british soccer , is heading to germany for revenge
( agence france-presse , paris , 24th ) - manchester united , a strong contingent in british soccer , departed today for germany for a revenge - - manchester union was defeated by germany 's bayer leverkusen in the finals of uefa champions league last year . manchester union is preparing for a come back this year .
bayer leverkusen did not enter the finals of uefa champions league last year by chance . however , their actual strength today can not be compared to that of last year .
the soccer team is greatly weakened by the departure of two stars , michael ballack and jose r . da silva ze roberto , this summer .
michael ballack is generally regarded as the best midfielder in europe . he and brazilian roberto have joined bayern munich . bayer leverkusen is not doing so well ever since the start of the current season . its strength is facing severe tests .
in the six matches in germany 's group a soccer league , bayer leverkusen lost three matches and its currently ranking is in the fourth place from bottom . furthermore , the team lost a uefa champions league qualifying match last week to greece 's olympiakos pir . two to six .
if manchester united defeats bayer leverkusen today , then bayer leverkusen will be eliminated . however , manchester united coach alex ferguson said he is expecting strong resistance from bayer leverkusen notwithstanding michael ballack and jose roberto have left the team .
u.s . federal reserve has kept interest rates on hold
( agence france-presse , washington , 24th ) - u.s . federal reserve ( fed ) has decided in today 's meeting to keep interest rates unchanged . they voted to keep basic short-term rates at a 40-year low . however , two out of the twelve members in fed 's open market committee ( fomc ) advocated a cut in interest rate .
the fed 's decision means the federal fund rate is kept at the 1.75 percent level .
fomc made a press release , which said the risks are weighted towards economic weakness in the foreseeable future . this indicates the fed is prepared to lower interest if necessary .
the statement said overall demands in u.s . economy are still growing at a moderate speed .
" the current accommodative monetary policy , on top a still robust underlying growth in productivity , should be sufficient to foster an improving corporate business climate over time " .
" notwithstanding production and employment may improve , there is still considerable uncertainty as to its extent and timing . part of the reason is the emergence of heightened geopolitical risks , " the statement further said .
the statement said two members supported a reduction in target federal fund rate . they are dallas federal reserves bank president robert mcteer and chief analyst edward gramlich .
in basketball : team usa women beat australia and compete with russia for championship
( agence france-presse , nanjing , china , 24th ) - u.s . women basketball team beat the australia team 71-56 in semifinal of the 14th women 's world basketball championship today in nanjing . lisa leslie had 24 points while shannon johnson scored 17 points .
history has repeated itself - just like what happened in 1998 , the highly confident team u.s.a . would compete again with russia for the championship tomorrow . for the last time , the u.s . team beat russia by 6 points and won the championship .
earlier , russian team beat south korea easily at 70-53 and advanced to finals .
ever since the women 's world basketball championship started in 1953 , this is the eighth occasion for the u.s . team , one of the strongest contenders , to enter the finals and competes for championship .
notwithstanding lauren jackson , australia team 's star midfielder , is not on the floor , the australia team once had a lead of 4 points in one period .
jackson had too many fouls and too early too . hence , she got only 9 points in the whole match .
leslie scored 38 points and grabbed 13 rebounds at the close of the half .
" it is unfortunate that she had three fouls so early . she had to leave the floor in the first half . while in the second half , my sense for the ball may be better than her and i managed to get more scores , " leslie said , when talking about jackson .
the australia team is more or less 10 points in arrear in the second half . at one time , the australia team managed to close up to 7 points .
however , the australia team failed to score consecutively and they had bad luck in some cases . as a result , the u.s . team has the opportunity to win two championships in a row and also four championships out of five world championship .
israel plays down u.s . criticism
( agence france-presse , ramallah , west bank of jordan river , 25th ) - u.s . leadership is pressing israel to lift the siege on palestinian leader yasser arafat 's headquarter in ramallah , but israel tried to play down the issue and has not attached importance to it . meanwhile , arafat 's fatah organization maintains that arafat still wants to pursue the difficult but urgently needed political reforms .
notwithstanding u.s . president bush openly criticized the siege adopted by israel , a high-ranking israeli official said israeli army would not withdraw .
last thursday , there were two suicide-bombing attacks in israel , which broke the six-week long silence between israel and palestinians . israeli army then surrounded arafat 's headquarters .
" such criticism must be judged in the global context , including the crisis in iraq and the u.s . desire to gain broadest support against iraqi regime , " the official said today .
he stressed that , " you do not necessarily see things the same way when you are in jerusalem as you would in washington .
however , that does not harm our relations with the united states . in fact , the relations between israel and united states have never been better . "
he said israeli army would continue the siege until the 20 most wanted militants , who are hiding among 250 men in the last remaining building of the destroyed arafat headquarter , surrender themselves .
israel ignored the new united nations resolution demanding israel to end the isolation policy . the resolution also urged palestinians to bring to justice those people responsible for the terror attacks .
bush said israel 's siege policy is " not helpful " to the political and security reforms that different sides are forcing on to arafat . however , he did not demand israel to withdraw .
annual wages in japanese private sector decreased for the fourth consecutive year
( agence france-presse , tokyo , 26th ) - national tax agency of japan said the prolonged economic recession in japan has already hit employees in the private sector throughout japan . the average annual wages of private company employees has decreased for the fourth consecutive year .
according to information released by national tax agency today , the average annual wages for private company employees was 4.54-million yen ( us $ 36,910 ) in 2001 , a decrease of 1.5 percent over 2000 ; this is a decrease for the fourth consecutive year .
information indicated private companies employed 45.1-million people last year . the average age of employees was 43 ; the average wages was dragged down by the lower wages paid to female employees .
" we can see an increase in number of low paid jobs , for example , female part time employees . at the same time , the number of higher paid employees had decreased and most of them were of male , " an official of national tax agency said .
among the total number of employees in japan in 2001 , 28.3-million were male employees , a decrease of 0.2 percent over 2000 ; on the other hand , 16.8-million were female employees , an increase of 1.2 percent over previous year .
an economist from a research institution thought that the trend might continue because japanese companies in all trades continue to look for way to cut costs amid the economic recession .
" more and more japanese companies are hiring part time employees because their wages are lower than full time employees , " the academician said .
he pointed out that japanese male usually demand a higher salary than female . hence , they are increasingly less competitive in the job market .
the statistics by national tax agency of japan indicated the average annual salary for a male worker was 5.58 million yen , while that for female workers was 2.78-million yen .
australia 's house of representatives passed the legalization on embryonic stem cells research
( agence france-presse , sydney , 26th ) - opponents of embryonic stem cells research swore to take actions to stop australia 's parliaments from passing a law legalizing research using embryonic stem cells .
after lengthy debates lasting for 35 hours , australia 's house of representatives passed the legalization allowing research on embryonic stem cells last night . the votes were 99 for and 33 against . the legalization will then go to senate for consideration before it can ever be enacted .
scientist will use the surplus stem cells already created for treatment of infecundity for their research .
the cells will be manipulated and might be able to repair damaged organs or treat diseases in the nervous system .
however , the method of obtaining embryonic stem cells has created controversy in and outside australia , because the process must destroy a fertilized ovum that may grow and become a human being .
prime minister john howard 's two closest supporters , deputy prime minister john anderson and federal workplace relations minister tony abbott are both against the legalization .
abbott said he hoped the senate committee examining the issue would realize the law had no place in australian life and kill it in senate .
the right to life association pointed out that the political circle created a dangerous precedent and prime minister john howard was deceived by " exaggerated claims that embryonic stem cells can cure many diseases " .
" the house of representatives ' support to this legalization is equivalent to an acceptance to create a class of human being to be used for the benefit of others , " said margaret tighe , president of right to life association .
however , opposition labor party health spokesman , stephen smith , said he believe the legalization will be passed in senate .
laser restoration technique may give old painting a brand-new look
( agence france-presse , paris , 25th ) - ancient painting restoration experts may some day use a highly sensitive laser beam to clean old paintings . this method can give a new look to paintings made hundreds of years ago without damaging them .
up till now , experts use scalpels and chemical solvents to remove the varnish on old paintings . however , the process is slow and can sometimes harm the ancient painting .
according to an article in the " new scientist " magazine , researchers at spanish council for scientific research in madrid found a solution to overcome the problem : that is , use a " sniffing " laser to preserve the original look of an old painting .
the liquefied gas laser involves a krypton gas , which produces an ultraviolet beam . the laser is coupled with a sensor , which " sniffs " the vaporized varnish when the laser beam touches the surface of the painting .
if the laser beam burrows deeper into the surface of the painting , the sniffer sensor will start to detect traces of paint molecules . it will then remind the restorer not to get too close to the surface and must back off a little .
the ancient painting restoration team , led by marta castillejo , has tested the laser restoration technique on an " artificially aged " painting containing a variety of organic and inorganic paints . the results are satisfactory .
according to the report in " new scientist " magazine , different types of molecules are released when paints evaporate .
imf said declines in stock market is going to affect u.s . and britain most
( agence france-presse , washington , 25th ) - a research report by international monetary fund ( imf ) said declines in worldwide stock market might affect consumer spending most acutely in u.s . and britain .
the analytical report by imf said total market value of u.s . stock markets declined by 23 percent during march to september this year and the situation in britain was about the same .
according to a research report in imf 's biannual world economic outlook , total stock market value in euro areas declined by 20 percent in the same period of time , while japan market declined by 12 percent .
in the past two years , the fall in consumer spending associated with stock market declines was roughly 1 percent of the gross domestic products in us and in britain , and about 0.25 percent in euro areas and in japan .
the report said the fall in stock price has three major impact to stock market : one is the contraction in total value , which will raise the borrowing costs for an average family ; one is the impact to corporation as they have to pay a higher price to attract shareholders ' funds ; one is the impact on total family wealth , which may cause a reduction in spending .
the research report said the impact to different countries depends on the size of their own stock markets , the ratio of stock investment for an average family and the degree of dependence of companies on the stock market for capital funds .
the report said , in general , the impact is most critical to financial systems in a market economy , including north america and britain .
the impact to japan and europe is smaller . however , it should not be overlooked .
worldcom inc . : former controller myers pleaded guilty to fraud
( agence france-presse , new york , 26th ) - former worldcom inc . senior executive david myers pleaded guilty today to charges of frauds in connection with the accounting scandal involving billions of dollars that bankrupted the telecommunications giant .
myers , former controller of worldcom inc . , told manhattan federal court that his acts in the accounting scandal were made on the instruction of other senior management .
" senior management instructed me to boost the revenue of the company in the books and made false reports of worldcom inc . i knew there was no reason to do so , " myers told judge richard casey .
myers pleaded guilty to prosecution 's allegation of making false filings with securities and exchange commission ( sec ) as well as other frauds in securities .
he could be sentenced to ten years imprisonment for the most serious crime that he committed .
it is believed that the court will make a sentence on december 26 .
myers is the first high-ranking employee in worldcom to plead guilty .
myers has been cooperating with judicial department in worldcom case . it is expected that he will help prosecutors go after scott sullivan , the ex-worldcom chief financial officer .
according to reports , investigators are assembling evidence to charge ex-worldcom chief executive officer bernie ebbers , who had resigned in april this year but was not prosecuted as yet .
u.s . researchers grow pig teeth in rat intestines
( agence france-presse , boston , massachusetts , 26th ) - according to a research report published today , u.s . researchers have successfully grown pig teeth in rat intestines . this is a revolutionary discovery in dental science .
a group of researchers at forsyth institute , boston , massachusetts placed cells from immature teeth of six-month-old pigs within the intestines of rats .
within 30 months , small recognizable tooth crowns , containing complete bone-like dentin , a well-defined pulp chamber and even enamel , had formed .
the research clearly indicated the existence of dental stem cells , which is the key to possible employment of such technology in human teeth .
stem cells , taken from embryos or a grown adult , and cells obtained from other tissues may grow together into bones .
" the ability to identify , isolate and propagate dental stem cells for use in biological tooth replacement technology has the potential to revolutionize dentistry , " said dominick depaola , chief of forsyth institute .
pamela yelick , a member of the research team , predicts that , " we will know whether dental stem cells can be manipulated to bioengineer teeth within five years .
it may take five to ten years before we can grow human teeth . "
the details of the research will be published in the october 1 issue of the journal of dental research .
according to a 2001 report by american college of surgeons , an american adult of 50 years old or more lost 12 teeth on average , including the four wisdom teeth .
democracy organization urged france to investigate missing mainland chinese dissidents
( agence france-presse , beijing , 27th ) - the hong kong based information center for human right &amp; amp ; democracy today urged french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin to inquire about three missing chinese dissidents when he meets with chinese prime minister zhu rongji , now on visit in paris .
the three men are yue wu , a permanent resident of france , and two dissidents in exile , wang bingzhang and zhang qi . they disappeared in the border area between china and vietnam at the end of june .
raffarin is scheduled to meet zhu rongji tonight in paris .
" this is not only about china 's illegal arrest of a french permanent resident , yue wu . it is about the human right condition in china , " information center for human right &amp; amp ; democracy said in a fax statement .
the center said wang bingzhang and zhang qi disappeared in northern vietnam area near the chinese border on june 26 this year . it is believed that chinese authority arrested them .
after their disappearance , china 's foreign affairs maintained they did not know where the two men went . the vietnam government also said they were not aware of the whereabouts of the three men .
at the beginning of this month , relatives of wang bingzhang as well as those of the other two men said one after the other that informed sources , who declined to be named , told them the three men are currently under custody of the chinese government ; that is , " the chinese authority has held them secretly for more than two months " .
yue wu was a leader of labor movement . he led workers in protest activities during a democracy movement and a period of unrest at tian an men in 1989 ; he fled china afterwards and france granted him asylum .
wang bingzhang was the publisher of a democracy magazine , " the spring of china " . he also found two political organizations , " china democracy party " and " china democracy and justice party " , both banned by chinese government .
in 1998 , he used a fictitious name to enter china to meet with dissidents but was unfortunately discovered by chinese authority . he was then deported .
zhang qi left china in 2000 . he was granted political asylum by u.s . government the next year .
police arrested hundreds of protesters during global financial meeting in washington
( agence france-presse , washington , 27th ) - in washington , financial heads around the world are attending the meeting of international monetary fund and world bank . washington police showed their strength and arrested six-hundred people , including protesters against capitalism and onlookers .
drastic protesters threatened to block the traffic and paralyze washington . however , police swiftly entered urban district of washington where protesters were gathering . policemen were waving their batons to disperse the crowd and they arrested several hundred people .
the biggest arrest occurred at freedom square just several streets away from the white house .
about two-hundred-fifty people assembled there . they were protesting u.s . policy on iraq . riot police surrounded them , handcuffed them and transported them to detention center using a bus .
police spokeswoman smith said in a report before 3 pm that six-hundred protesters were arrested .
throughout the morning , police patrol cars are hustling in urban district , sometimes in the opposite direction to traffic , with their sirens on .
protesters in freedom square were hoisting placards with wording like , " do not shed blood for oil , do not attack iraq " and " augusto pinochet , bin laden and saddam are all products of cia " .
however , some people not related to the protest were also arrested .
john passacantando , executive director of environmental protection group greenpeace , was also arrested while riding his bicycle to work . he stopped to watch the protest assembly and was arrested .
he said police surrounded the crowd and let nobody leave . he was charged for disobedience of public order .
in washington urban area , international monetary fund and world bank headquarter were surrounded by a small group of policemen . it was reported that the annual conference was launched smoothly .
according to plan , protest activities of an anti-globalization campaign will take place on 28th and 29th , which include surrounding the site of the conference and " isolate " delegates attending the conference .
world food programme said eight-million people suffering malnutrition in central america
( agence france-presse , san jose , costa rica , 27th ) - world food programme ( wfp ) warned that about 8.6 million people living in a " drought corridor " in central america are seriously short of food .
" frequent drought and natural disasters have left 8.6 million people with no crops to feed themselves , " said zoraida mesa , wfp regional director of latin america and the caribbean .
" after years of disasters in central america , many of the poor families have nothing of value left to sell . they can not cultivate crops because of the drought . they have nothing to eat , " said mesa in a press conference on 26th in alajuela , a northern city in costa rica .
" many of these people are going hungry , " she stressed .
in central america , guatemala is most hard hit by famine . wfp and government of guatemala have already started an emergency plan to save approximately seven-thousand children throughout the country from the verge of death .
wfp warned that victims of the food crisis are mainly children under five . in guatemala , almost half of the children under five are malnutrition over a long period of time .
twenty-three percent of the infants in el salvador , thirty-three percent of infants in nicaragua and thirty-eight percent of the infants in honduras are malnutrition over a long period of time .
wfp said 2.6-million people in nicaragua , 2.2-million people in honduras , 1.3-million people in el salvador and 2.5-million people in guatemala are suffering in the food crisis .
the two ivory coast ministers kidnapped by rebels have been freed
( agence france-presse , abidjan , 27th ) - ivory coast 's state-owned television station announced that the two ministers abducted by rebels have been freed .
the sports minister francois amichia was kidnapped in ivory coast 's second largest city of bouake , while he was watching a football tournament on september 19 , the day of the mutiny .
" we were abducted and detented by members of the armed forces , " amichia told the state-owned television , rti .
amichia said he was held at the air base in bouake . on the next day , he was freed by ivorian soldiers " who were seeking to break away from the rebels " . he hid himself in that city .
he fled bouake during the first evacuation of foreigners by french troops . he mingled with local people who used a safe route to escape the city .
he walked about 15 kilometers before he was picked up by a motorist who took him to a safe place .
rti said lazare koffi , the youth and employment minister , who was joining amichia in bouake on the day of the mutiny , was held by rebels in the region of katiola , between bouake and korhogo . he was also freed later in the day .
the details of koffi 's release is not known at this moment .
u.s . and u.k . lobby france , russia and china 's support on military actions against iraq
( agence france-presse , paris , 27th ) - u.s . and u.k . continue their efforts to overcome france , russia and china 's stance of opposing an attack on iraq .
u.s . undersecretary , political affairs , marc grossman and british foreign office political director peter ricketts are holding talks with french officials in paris . they are lobbying for france 's support for a tough united nations ( u.n . ) security council resolution against iraq .
u.s . president bush telephoned french president jacques chirac . however , chirac is still against any u.n . security council resolution that calls for automatic military action if iraq does not comply with demands of a u.n . resolution .
chirac spokesman said chirac told bush france prefer " a simple , firm resolution which shows the unity and determination of the international community " such that the weapons inspectors can return to iraq .
bush later indicated that he is preparing to " give peace another chance " .
however , he warned that u.s . is prepared to lead an anti-iraq ally without the support of united nations .
france , russia and china are permanent members of u.n . security council and they have veto power to any resolution .
u.s . and u.k . are the other two permanent members of the security council .
grossman and ricketts are holding talks with french officials in paris today and they are scheduled to arrive moscow tomorrow for another round of diplomatic push .
ryder cup golf matches : garcia inspires the european team
( agence france-presse , belfry , britain , 28th ) - the european and united states golf team each won two matches this morning in the ryder cup foursomes . however , the european team is still one point ahead .
the european team 's spanish wizard kid sergio garcia and the braced up lee westwood led the actions . they defeated jim furyk and stewart cink of the american team 2 to 1 .
sergio garcia and lee westwood have three consecutive victories since the matches began . yesterday , they defeated one after the other the pair of david duval  davis love iii and tiger woods  mark calcavecchia in twosome .
it was also the most important victory to garcia and westwood since the matches began , because the american team had already won two matches in the foursomes in the morning and their accumulated marks are posed to exceed the european team .
" this may have been the most unfavorable match in the ryder cup but we still tried our best to win , " said sergio garcia , world ranking : four .
" it was not a high-quality match but we did not make too many mistakes , " said lee westwood , who was regarded as the worst partner before the matches .
the 29-year old lee westwood had a world ranking within the first ten just eighteen months ago . however , he suffered a disastrous decline ever since and his world ranking slipped outside one-hundred .
the european team 's another victory - seasoned player , colin montgomerie and bernhard langer 's dramatic catch up show . at one time , they held a lead of two-stroke but they lost it later . however , they made a come back on 18 green .
phil mickelson , world-ranking number two , contributes to the draw between america and european team . notwithstanding pierre fulke got a birdie , phil mickelson and david toms finally beat pierre fulke and phillip price two to one . that makes a good start for the america team .
tiger woods finally broke his declining tendency . he and davis love iii easily beat darren clarke and thomas bjorn .
darren clarke and thomas bjorn beat tiger woods and paul azinger in fourball yesterday morning . however , things were less than smooth thereafter .
in today 's foursomes , tiger wood beat darren clarke with results of two-win-one-left , while davis love iii beat thomas bjorn with results of four-win-three-left .
imf invites north korea to attend next year 's annual conference as a special guest
( agence france-presse , seoul , 29th ) - south korea 's yonhap news agency said today that international monetary fund ( imf ) will invite north korea to attend the fund 's annual conference to be held in united arab emirates next year as a special guest .
yonhap news agency said imf managing director horst kohler mentioned imf 's invitation to north korea to attend next year 's annual conference when kohler was meeting south korea finance-economy minister jeon yun-churl in washington .
the report said kohler told jeon yun-churl that north korea 's attendance in imf and world bank annual conference in dubai next year would help north korea to take part in the international community .
yonhap news agency quoted the words of south korea 's deputy minister of finance and economy kim yong-duk , who said north korea 's recent efforts to promote economic reforms " lead south korea to believe the country might attend next year 's meeting " .
in addition to imf 's invitation to north korea to attend next year 's meeting , there are also a series of diplomatic activities in the korean peninsula .
north korea announced on september 19 to set up a free trade zone at a city bordering china as part of the efforts to open up its markets from july .
before the announcement , there were also a series of diplomatic and reconciliatory activities in the korean peninsula , including a summit between north korea leader kim song-il and japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi .
south and north korea have also agreed to repair railways and highways linking the two koreas . work is already underway to clean up landmines in the buffer zone between the two koreas .
a special u.s . envoy will visit pyongyang on october 3 to pave way for the resumption of dialogue , which was interrupted since u.s . president bush assumed office last year .
bush said congress would speak with one voice on iraq policy
( agence france-presse , crawford , texas , 28th ) - u.s . president bush said members of the congress were near to an agreement , which authorize military actions against iraqi leader saddam hussein . bush reiterated that saddam is a threat to world safety and that danger becomes increasingly acute .
in the past week , opposition democratic party alleged bush trying to accumulate political benefits through america 's lead in the war on terrorism . democrats also charged him for a reckless advocate of an attack on iraq . in response to these criticism , bush stressed that congress will unite on the stance against baghdad .
bush said in a weekly broadcast , " we are moving towards a strong resolution that authorize the use of force if necessary .
we are making progress . we are closer and closer to an agreement , and soon we will speak with one voice . "
at about the same time that bush made the aforesaid speech , russia , france and china said they are not willing to pass a new u.n . security council resolution to warn saddam that : if he does not give up nuclear , chemical and biological weapons , he will face a clear , definite and serious consequence .
bush said congress is near to a resolution and that will " convey a clear message " to members in the international community not willing to join united states : if necessary , washington will take actions alone in order not to be caught in " a future full of fears " . it is because , at some time , saddam may supply weapons of massive destruction to terrorists and such weapons might be used to attack united states .
" our nation is in a dangerous situation and it becomes increasingly so , " bush said .
for a long time , the iraqi administration has close relations to terrorist organizations . there is also an al-qaeda organization inside iraq .
o'neill said u.s . still main engine of economic growth in the world
( agence france-presse , washington , 28th ) - u.s . treasury secretary paul o'neill said u.s . economy is " firmly rebounding " . united states continues to be the main engine of economic growth in the world . he urged other developed countries to join forces to promote global growth .
" north america continues to be the engine of global recovery , " o'neill told the international monetary and financial committee , a core organization of international monetary fund , which has 184 member nations .
" due to timely actions in fiscal and monetary policy , u.s . economy is now firmly rebounding after a shallow downturn , " o'neill said .
furthermore , united states is also putting in great efforts to improve the financial reporting system for corporations , including more rigid duties to corporations , and is also strengthening the independence of the accountancy system .
however , o'neill reiterated his view that the global economy needs more engines to promote growth and to help poor countries . without a sustained recovery , the world economy can only limp along .
" all industrial nations should implement sound macroeconomic policies and structural reforms that are necessary to sustain robust domestic demands and hence , create multiple engines to promote economic growth , " he said .
o'neill did not mention the economic crisis in argentina . however , he said some emerging markets have worked hard and achieved some growth but others did not . he further said international institutions would provide assistance to countries that adopt proper policies .
us and japan celebrate the 150th anniversary of establishing formal ties and vow to continue fighting terrorism
us president bush and japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi issued a video-taped statement on the 31st to jointly celebrate the 150th anniversary of establishing formal us-japan ties and vowed to continue their fight against terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
the formal contact between the united states and japan began on march 31 , 1854 when both parties signed an epoch-breaking peace treaty that put an end to japan 's 250-year-old policy of isolation .
at a celebration event held in washington , bush and koizumi said via a video-taped statement that both parties will jointly safeguard peace and stability in asia and strengthen the cooperation between the two countries in science , technology and environmental protection .
bush said : " authorities in tokyo and washington will work together to stop the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and to bring peace to war-ravaged regions .
we will also wipe out the terrorists who threaten our common beliefs and values . "
bush has proposed recently to expand the scope of the proliferation security initiative and japan has already agreed to work to this end together with other asian nations .
the cooperation between the united states and japan has become even more urgent , especially after the discovery of a nuclear trading market led by pakistan and the escalation of nuclear crisis on north korean peninsula .
the cooperation between koizumi and bush is unprecedented , especially with japan 's ready consent to the us request for sending troops to iraq . this was the first time that japan has sent troops to a combat zone since world war ii .
prior to sending troops , japan also provided the necessary logistic supplies and equipment for the us-led war in afghanistan .
expansion of cattle farming in brazil leads to amazon deforestation
in a study released today , the center for international forestry research ( cifor ) pointed out that the quick profit of beef exports from brazil is being paid by the havoc done to the amazon rainforest .
the study said that the cattle population in regions of the amazon jumped from 26-million head in 1990 to 57-million in 2002 .
the majority of those cattle are now raised on lands that used to be rainforests .
the jakarta-based cifor said : " the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 41.5-million hectares in 1990 to 58.7-million hectares in 2000 .
in ten short years , the area of forest lost was twice the size of portugal .
the aforementioned figures of continuous deforestation evidenced by satellite photos show that damages to the amazon caused by cattle farming have been greater than those caused by lumbering and the ongoing expansion of soybean cultivation , both of which have been the focus of extensive media coverage .
80% of brazilian cattle production is in the amazon . the devaluation of the brazilian currency and the fears of mad cow and foot-and-mouth diseases that broke out in europe have led to a thriving beef exports industry in brazil .
citing statistic figures from the us department of agriculture , cifor pointed out that brazil exported less than us $ 500-million of beef in 1995 but the figure rose to us $ 1.5-billion in 2003 .
us shrimp-related industries rally to fight against foreign dumping
a group of us restaurants , retailers , seafood distributors and related others have come together and formed a shrimp special committee in a joint petition to fight against the us federal international trade commission whose ruling may lead to us anti-dumping tariffs against six countries .
the newly formed shrimp special committee said this anti-dumping case may hurt us industries and consumers .
the committee said in a statement that this case involving us $ 2.4-billion in annual imports " could make shrimps once again a delicacy only the rich can afford and adversely impact thousands of us workers . "
the us federal international trade commission , whose ruling has quasi-judicial power , voted in february this year for a preliminary ruling that shrimps and pawns from brazil , china , ecuador , india , thailand and vietnam were involved in dumping .
the ruling said there were " reasonable evidences " that crustaceans imported from the above countries were dumped into the united states at prices lower than reasonable market prices , harming or threatening the related us industries .
that means the us department of commerce will conduct further anti-dumping investigation based on the ruling of the international trade commission and provide a preliminary finding by june 8 . that means the department of commerce may decide on the price difference of dumping as basis for the rate of future anti-dumping tariffs .
the us industries petitioning to the government are seeking anti-dumping duties of 30% to 200% .
police continue to comb railway network the day after a bomb was found in spain
after spain 's state railway company renfe found and defused a bomb on a high-speed railway line between the capital madrid and seville yesterday , the relevant authorities continued to comb the national railway network today .
the bomb was similar to those used in a series of blasts that took place three weeks ago at madrid railway station . the attacks killed nearly 200 people .
renfe said that the railway transportation between madrid and seville resumed this morning and that an additional eleven trains will be put into operation starting 4:00 p.m .
the company said that after the police combed the rail tracks " kilometer by kilometer , " the first train from madrid to seville departed " normally " at about 7:30 this morning .
interior minister acebes said yesterday that earlier indications showed the newly-discovered bomb was similar to explosives used in a series of blasts that took place at madrid railway station on march 11 .
at that time , four commuter trains were bombed , leaving 191 dead .
but acebes urged caution regarding the link between the two incidents until the explosive device gets properly analyzed in madrid .
acebes said : " at this moment , the information i have is that this bomb is similar to those used on march 11 , but i am saying this with caution and while awaiting the result of the analysis . "
acebes confirmed that a nationwide system of permanent vigilance has been established under the close cooperation among spain 's army , police and the company renfe .
michael jackson case proceeds without him
although besieged by nine counts of molesting a boy , the pop star michael jackson still went to campaign against aids in the capital city of washington , leaving the lawsuit to proceed without him .
the high-profile legal team the " king of pop " has hired arrived today at the courthouse in the town of santa maria near " neverland ranch " created entirely by michael jackson to hammer out issues including a date for a pre-trial hearing .
while a crowd of reporters and fans waited outside the courthouse , jackson himself was in washington and received a humanitarian award given by the wives of african ambassadors on the evening of the 1st .
meanwhile , in the town of santa barbara , 120 kilometers southeast of santa maria , a grand jury was believed to be gathering in secret to consider whether fresh charges could replace the original nine charges jackson was indicted with .
jackson 's high-profile legal team includes celebrity lawyers geragos and brafman . they went directly into the courthouse of santa maria today without speaking to reporters .
outside the courthouse , fans from across the country held up pictures of jackson and slogans , one of which said " boston believes in michael jackson , " to show support for their pop icon .
however , a small number of protesters fighting for the rights of abuse victims faced off michael 's supporters by holding up slogans also , which wrote instead : " we support the victim . "
today the court will decide a date for a pre-trial hearing , which will determine whether there is sufficient evidence against jackson to put him under a formal trial .
germany 's budget deficit to hit 10 billion euros again next year
after germany 's budget deficit set the record of approximate 10-billion euros this year , the ministry of finance is worried that the budget deficit may hit the same record again in 2005 .
if the report carried in the weekly der spiegel is confirmed , 2005 would see germany 's fourth violation of eurozone rules .
the ministry of finance has repudiated the weekly der spiegel report as " pure speculation . "
according to the eurozone rules , each member nation 's budget deficit must not exceed 3% of its gross domestic product .
france and germany , the biggest among the 12 nations in the eurozone , violated the above deficit rules in 2002 and 2003 and are expected to do it again this year .
under the stability and growth pact signed by the european union in 1997 , france and germany should be penalized for breaking the rules .
however , other eu member countries have decided not to punish france and germany on the condition that the budget deficits of both nations should meet the eu rules next year .
the weekly der spiegel said that its report was based on documents obtained from the budget department of the ministry of finance .
the report said that the 10-billion-eruo budget deficit is estimated to be the result , at least in part , of the increased expenses on labor and the decreased annual revenue from the central bank .
mueller , spokesman from the ministry of finance , responded by telling afp reporters that it was too early to make any prediction at this moment since the government will only examine the 2005 budget before june 23 .
the german government foresees reducing its budget deficit from 4% of its gross domestic product in 2003 to 3.25% this year and 2.5% next year .
un takes over peacekeeping in cote d'ivoire
today the united nations took over peacekeeping in cote d'ivoire , a west african country , to ease the political turmoil in the country .
a week ago , anti-government protesters in cote d'ivoire clashed with security forces , causing at least 37 deaths and further jeopardizing the precarious peace process in the country .
the un take-over of peacekeeping in cote d'ivoire will start with transfering 1,300 western african troops and putting them under its command .
this western african army has maintained a buffer zone between the rebel-occupied north and the government army-controlled south in cote d'ivoire .
under a west african economic community mandate this african army has stationed in cote d'ivoire since early 2003 .
under the authorization of the resolution passed by the un security council on february 27 , some more than five-thousand un troops will be deployed in cote d'ivoire starting today till july . most of these troops will be from bangladesh , morocco , pakistan and ukraine .
the " un operation in cote d'ivoire " ( unoci ) will be given the task of monitoring the disarmament and conducting mediation in cote d'ivoire .
an uprising against president gbagbo waged by the ivorian rebels in september 2002 has plunged the country into civil war and paralyzed it ever since .
the un peacekeepers will work together with 4,000 french soldiers .
although authorized by the united nations , these 4,000 soldiers are not under the jurisdiction of " unoci . "
since the civil war broke out in cote d'ivoire , france , as the former colonial metropolitan country , has actively involved in the crisis in cote d'ivoire .
prior to the civil war , cote d'ivoire was a powerful economy in west africa .
france set up a permanent military base in abidjan , capital of cote d'ivoire . shortly after rebels waged their uprising , france sent a large number of troops to cove d'ivoire , initially to protect the french compatriots and other countries ' nationals , yet later to oversee the cease-fire line .
currently , the french troops are serving as un peacekeepers ' military forces for immediate intervention .
iran promises to step up cooperation with iaea to clear up suspicion
aghazadeh , head of iran 's atomic energy organization , pledged that iran will step up cooperation with iaea , the un watchdog , and respond promptly in an effort to quell the suspicion that tehran authorities are seeking to develop nuclear weapons .
after his meeting with elbaradei , the visiting iaea director general , aghazadeh told reporters : " both iran and iaea hope to close the case of iran 's investigation as soon as possible . "
aghazadeh said , " we have decided to step up cooperation and accelerate our responses to the issues and questions raised by the iaea . "
elbaradei said that iran obviously has " recognized the need to speed up cooperation in resolving the outstanding issues . "
elbaradei said : " aghazadeh has pledged that iran will try everything possible to accelerate the resolution of all outstanding issues , " and claimed he has " made it very clear that iaea and the international community are counting on us to resolve all outstanding issues as soon as possilbe . "
elbaradei added : " we hope that we can develop an action plan with a definitive timetable during my visit .
we will start discussing details right this afternoon . "
however , aghazadeh said he and elbaradei differed on the procedure and scope of the sensitive nuclear fuel recycling that iran should suspend while the iaea personnel are conducting investigation in iran .
aghazadeh said iran refused to accept elbaradei 's request that iran postpone its resumption of uranium conversion operation in the central city of isfahan .
the said conversion operation is aimed at producing the precursors for uranium enrichment .
china tightens political grip on hong kong through interpretation of basic law
china tightens its grip on hong kong 's political future today , dealing a heavy blow to pro-democracy campaigners .
the interpretation of hong kong 's basic law passed by the standing committee of the national people 's congress says that beijing authorities have " the final say " in any electoral reform in hong kong sar .
the interpretation of hong kong 's basic law passed by the npc standing committee today says that all political reforms in hong kong must be approved by the central government in beijing .
the interpretation passed by the npc standing committee is china 's first ruling on the electoral process under hong kong 's basic law .
qiao xiaoyang , deputy secretary-general of the npc standing committee , told reporters after the meeting that china has always had the authority to determine the electoral system in hong kong .
qiao xiaoyang said : " according to the basic law , the npc standing committee has the right to interpret the basic law and the right to amend the basic law also belongs to the national people 's congress . "
according to the report of xinhua news agency , the npc standing committee chairman wu bangguo called the ruling about the interpretation " timely and necessary . "
wu bangguo said : " the legal interpretation made by the npc standing committee in accordance with the relevant provisions of the basic law has the same effect as the basic law and must be observed and implemented by all parties . "
the interpretation passed by the npc standing committee aroused the indignation of various communities in hong kong .
the demand for the implementation of full-scale democracy in hong kong is on the rise . last year , the chinese communist leaders were shocked when as many as 500,000 hong kongers took to the streets in protest .
democrats in hong kong claim that beijing authorities ' promise of allowing a high degree of autonomy in hong kong has been destroyed by the central government 's grip on the electoral reforms .
at the passage of interpretation us calls for keeping hong kong autonomous and open
after china 's npc standing committee passed the interpretation of hong kong 's basic law , the us government called for a " fully autonomous and open " hong kong on the 6th .
in response to the interpretation of the npc standing committee , state department spokesman ereli said that the basic law guaranteed " one country , two systems " and that it is " critical " for hong kong to maintain its autonomy and openness under the rule of the basic law .
ereli said : " in our opinion , prosperity and stability are very important if hong kong wants autonomy . "
he said that the us government will continue to watch closely the situation in hong kong .
the united states , which is to propose a resolution condemning china for human rights violations at a key un meeting in geneva this week , had expressed " serious concerns " over china 's move to interpret the law before fully consulting with the hong kong people .
however , tung chee-hwa , chief executive of hong kong sar , assured that beijing 's interpretation will not harm the mode of " one country , two systems . "
the new york-based " human rights watch " said in a statement today that china 's interpretation shows that electoral reforms in hong kong could only be initiated by beijing 's hand-picked leader in hong kong and deprives hong kong 's council its right to take any action without its consent .
adams , director of human rights watch 's asia division , said : " this interpretation clearly shows beijing 's attempt to stifle hong kong people 's open discussion for more democracy . it is obvious that beijing authorities are not interested in what hong kong people think or hope for . "
rice to testify before the commission , putting white house into the spotlight of the 9  11 investigation
ms . rice , the us national security adviser , will appear at a public hearing to testify under oath before the independent commission investigating the 9  11 terrorist attacks and defend the anti-terror policy of the bush administration . it is generally believed that she will be subject to a grilling by the commission .
earlier rice repeatedly resisted the call for her to appear at a public hearing under oath before the investigation commission , but white house was forced to agree for rice to appear after a barrage of criticism .
in the past few weeks , the bush administration had been firmly refusing to allow rice to appear at a public hearing under oath , claiming such move would violate the principle of separating administrative power from legislative power .
earlier in february this year , rice held a closed-door meeting with the 10-member commission for four hours , but rice was not under oath at that time .
after white house 's former anti-terror chief clarke went to testify before the commission on march 24 , attacking vehemently president bush 's anti-terror policy , rice 's reluctance to testify in public quickly became a political handicap for white house .
clarke , who resigned in february 2003 , accused president bush of failing to consider al-qaeda an urgent threat until the 9  11 terrorist attacks killed nearly 3,000 people .
with only seven months left before the november 2 presidential election , democrats are now holding on to clarke 's criticism and trying to make most of it .
after being assured by the commission that rice 's case will not become a precedent for other presidential advisors , bush finally agreed to allow rice to appear at a public hearing under oath .
in the coming few weeks , bush and vice president cheney will also meet with the commission but in a private session and not under oath .
when asked by reporters about his " testimony " before the commission , bush said , " i would call it a meeting . "
russian court sentences chechen woman , a failed bomber , to 20 years in jail
according to the russian media reports , moscow court today gave a sentence of 20 years in jail to a young chechen woman who attempted to set off a bomb in central moscow last year .
muzhikhoyeva , 22 , tried to blow up an upscale hotel on a main street in central moscow in july 2003 . she was arrested later when she failed to detonate the bomb due to her nervousness .
in spite of the failed attack , a russian bomb disposal expert was unfortunately killed while trying to defuse the bomb hidden inside muzhikhoyeva 's backpack .
inside the backpack was hidden a yellow explosive containing an equivalent of 400 grams of tnt .
muzhikhoyeva has been held in moscow 's high-security lefortovo jail .
due to its advocacy of separatism , chechnya had many wars with russia . muzhikhoyeva 's husband also died in the war .
muzhikhoyeva 's failed attack sent nerves jangling in moscow since just a few days ago , two female suicide bombers blew themselves up at a weekend outdoor rock concert , killing themselves and 14 others instantly .
muzhikhoyeva 's lawyer denounced the court sentence as too severe , saying the court should sentence this young woman to five or six years in jail considering her circumstances .
quoting yevlapova , muzhikhoyeva 's lawyer , the interfax said : " the verdict should seek the minimum sentence : although she was found guilty , she should be given a reduced sentence . "
yevlapova said his client was considering about an appeal .
experimental drug torcetrapib may increase hdl
a study said the experimental drug torcetrapib has been shown to dramatically increase the level of good cholesterol , namely hdl , and the related finding may have significant implications for the treatment of heart diseases .
the article carried in thursday 's edition of the " new england journal of medicine " said that some volunteers taking a combination of torcetrapib and a common statin ( standard drug for treatment of ldl , or bad cholesterol ) have doubled their levels of hdl within just eight weeks .
although the finding is based on a preliminary result of an experiment participated by only 19 people , the researchers are still very excited about the role of hdl in reducing the level of ldl .
ldl is usually deposited as fatty tissue or plaque on human blood vessel walls .
hdl seeks for fat in the arteries and then carries it to the liver for disposal .
although the above study did not look at the interior of blood vessels to determine whether torcetrapib has indeed reduced the harmful deposit of plaques , the researchers believe that the drug offers some hope for most people suffering from coronary artery diseases .
brewer , a cholesterol expert at the national heart , lung , and blood institute in the united states , wrote in an editorial : " increasing the hdl level by 1 mg ( per deciliter of blood ) can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease by 2% to 3% . "
he said : " developing drugs to increase hdl . . . offers an exciting new approach to the treatment of high-risk patients with cardiovascular diseases . "
french diplomat calls the accusation of massacres in rwanda lies
french junior foreign minister muselier refuted rwandan president kagame 's accusation today , saying kagame 's allegation that france was complicit in the 1994 genocide in rwanda was " unacceptable , humiliating and lying . "
in an interview reported by the marseilles newspaper la provence today , muselier said that the allegations rwandan officials have been aggressively spreading this week were " unacceptable , humiliating and lying with respect to europe , the international community and france . "
on the 7th , muselier cut short a visit to kigali , capital of rwanda , because the rwandan president , in a speech commemorating the 10th anniversary of the massive killing of at least 800,000 people in rwanda , launched another verbal attack on france .
kagame said in a ceremony at rwanda 's national stadium : " they knowingly trained and armed the government soldiers and militias so that they could commit genocide , and they knew they were going to commit genocide . "
muselier said in the interview : " i regret that memories and polemics have been mixed up .
there are individual and collective responsibilities ( for the rwandan genocide ) , but time will enable the history to be told objectively . "
french foreign minister barnier said yesterday that france would study the rwandan allegation , but not until after a week of commemoration of 100 days of rwandan genocide .
barnier said at a press conference : " we will examine the situation in depth , but after this week 's contemplation , i have nothing to add at this moment . "
singapore-made nose and throat cancer testing kit going global
singapore 's strait times reported today that from now on , doctors need only a single drop of blood plus a new testing kit made in singapore to find out whether patients have nose and throat cancer .
doctors need only add a few chemicals to a patient 's blood and then put the mixture into this special kit to get the result of the diagnosis within a few hours .
the new testing kit is set to go global .
the new test , which costs 30 singapore dollars ( us $ 18 ) , is as accurate as the traditional blood test , but the way it is done is simpler and faster .
the traditional blood test takes several days and requires professional technicians to culture the blood cells , conduct testing and read results .
however , this new testing is not yet as thorough as a nasal endoscope .
when doctors conduct a check-up using a nasal endoscope , a soft tube is inserted into a patient 's nasal passage .
the strait times quoted wu yaohong ( phonetic transcription ) , an ent specialist , as saying : " of course , the most standard diagnostic procedure would use a nasal endoscope , but that method is limited to doctors who have the equipment and expertise . "
wu yaohong said : " but this new testing kit can provide early screening . so patients can see general practitioners first and then take this new testing . "
the new testing kit will identify which patients should go to the tertiary hospital for a more complex testing .
the report did not specify when this new testing kit can go global .
president bush notified of al-qaeda 's planned attacks before 9  11
the new york times reported today that president bush was told more than a month before the 9  11 attacks that supporters of osama bin laden were planning attacks using explosives within the united states and intended to hijack airplanes .
citing an anonymous government official , the report said president bush got the warning about the attacks when he was being briefed in secret at his own ranch in crawford , texas on august 6 , 2001 .
the newspaper said that a report released by a joint congressional committee last year alluded to a " confidential newsletter " dated august 2001 about the threat of al-qaeda attacks against the united states .
it is reported that the facts disclosed by the congressional report appear to contradict the white house 's repeated assertions .
white house asserted repeatedly that the briefing president bush received about the al-qaeda threat was " historical " in nature and that white house had no reason to think al-qaeda would launch an attack within the united states .
the congressional report said that al-qaeda operatives apparently had associates working within the united states and that intelligence officials had also received " uncorroborated information " indicating bin laden " intended to hijack airplanes " to exchange for the release of imprisoned extremists .
the report also said that the information intercepted by intelligence officials in may 2001 indicated " a group of bin laden supporters was planning attacks in the united states with explosives . " that was three months earlier than when 9  11 attacks took place .
the new york times said the white house had also offered evidence that the federal bureau of investigation had received instructions more than two months before the 9  11 attacks to step up its monitoring of terrorist suspects within the united states .
us white house releases 9  11 memo
the us white house released today a memo prepared for president bush on august 6 , 2001 . the note forecast possible bin laden 's al-qaeda terrorist attacks against the united states .
the memo also said that in 2001 fbi agents suspected al-qaeda was preparing to hijack us airplanes .
the memo was entitled : " bin laden decided to hijack airplanes in the united states . "
ms . rice , the white house security adviser , mentioned this memo when she testified before the 9  11 investigation commission , which has also been urging the white house to release the memo .
the memo was one of the keys to understand what kind of information the united states possessed before 9  11 that could have avoided al-qaeda 's attacks by hijacking airplanes .
in the memo was written : " in 1998 , the intelligence showed bin laden 's demand that he would hijack us airplanes in exchange for the release of extremists detained in the united states . we could not corroborate the intelligence , but since then fbi intelligence had shown some suspicious patterns of activities in the united states were consistent with the preparations for air hijacking or other types of attacks . "
" bin laden 's attacks against the us embassies in kenya and tanzania in 1998 demonstrated he was preparing operations , and was not to be stopped by setbacks . "
a white house official , who declined to be named , noted the memo only referred to " possible air hijackings but did not indicate planes would be used as assault weapons . "
us president bush is currently spending the holiday at his texas ranch .
mccain proposes us scrap futuristic fighter jet program to fund iraq war
a chief official on the us senate armed services committee said that the united states may have to scrap plans for producing a futuristic fighter jet aimed at securing air superiority in high-tech warfare so that the funds can be re-allocated for continuing fighting rebel guerillas in iraq .
senator mccain of arizona made the above proposal amid rising voices on capitol hill that call for sending more us troops in response to the expansion of iraqi resistance forces which are now not only concentrated on " sunni triangle " but also extended to shiite areas south of baghdad .
a maverick veteran of the vietnam war in congress and a commonly recognized congressional expert on national defense matters , mccain said : " we must expand our military deployment there and we must increase marine corps and the army . "
in an interview with nbc 's program " meet the press " he said that if his above proposal would lead to an increase in budget deficit , which is estimated to hit us $ 521-billion this year , he suggested a deep cut in national defense plans that do not serve the most immediate needs .
according to his plan , the budget cut should target the f  a-22 fighter jet , a nimble , air-to-air fighter plane aimed at securing us air superiority for years to come . its first deployment is originally scheduled for next year .
mccain insisted : " we may have to scrap the program of this fighter jet that costs as high as us $ 250-million to us $ 300-million each . " he said : " we may have to restructure the pentagon and the way they do their business . "
a long-time leader in fighting against government waste , mccain pointed out that the united states is waging in iraq a " tough , very tough struggle " that it could n't afford to lose .
as bush frankly admits difficulties in iraq , bremer vows to purge poison
as us president bush frankly admitted us difficulties in iraq today , bremer , the us-appointed provisional administrator in iraq , said the united states is facing a crisis in iraq and described the surging turmoil as " poison " that the us troops must purge .
while visiting fort hood , a major us military base in texas , bush said today : " it was a tough week last week . "
american troops and their allies in iraq are struggling to contain the riot caused by sunni and shi'ite muslim insurgents .
bush said the united states will send more troops to iraq if needed .
however , lieutenant general sanchez , the head of us forces in iraq , said in a tv interview that reinforcements for the 129,000 us troops in iraq would not be needed .
president bush and his family went to an easter sunday church service at fort hood today .
according to us media reports , at least eight us soldiers from fort hood have died in iraq in the escalating resistance over the past week .
media reporters covering the white house quoted bush as saying : " i pray every day for less casualties but what we 're doing is right . "
in an interview with fox news network , bremer said the united states is now facing a " crisis " in iraq .
he said : " we must work our way through this crisis . "
general sanchez , interviewed by the same program , said there is no need at this moment to send reinforcements to the 129,000 us troops in iraq .
sanchez said , " the forces on the ground are adequate " to contain the surge in unrest .
no news about three japanese hostages while number of kidnapped foreigners in iraq climbs
with seven mainland chinese and two czechs already taken into custody in iraq , another seven american contractors are reported missing today . such a growing wave of kidnappings has plunged the us-led occupying authority into panic .
while nearly 24 foreigners have been either kidnapped or missing , a japanese diplomat said no progress has been made in rescuing the three japanese hostages when the deadline at which the kidnappers threatened to execute the first of the three expired at 13:00 gmt ( 9:00 p.m . taipei time ) .
the diplomat said : " we have made no progress so far .
at this moment we have n't got any confirmed information about their safety and whereabouts . "
later , the self-claimed iraqi mediator dulaimi said the kidnappers have agreed not to kill the japanese after tough negotiations .
after the czech embassy in iraq confirmed two czech television employees had been abducted north of baghdad on sunday , the number of foreigners kidnapped in iraq has increased to at least 15 .
meanwhile , the communist china said earlier that seven mainland chinese were confirmed hostages . these seven people were reported missing right after they entered iraq from jordan on sunday .
however , there is some good news too . it is reported that nine other foreigners were released by their abductors on sunday . they are respectively the briton teeley and eight asian drivers .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said in tokyo that his administration has n't got any clear information on the kidnapped japanese but he repeated his refusal to give in to the demand of the abductors that japan withdraw its 550 troops from iraq .
india to hold largest election in the world with ruling party most likely to win
india will hold its election for the lower house next week . the ruling hindu nationalist bhratiya janata party is expected to keep its power to rule thanks to the good conditions generated by economic prosperity , reconciliation with its old foe pakistan and cricketing success on and off the field .
tens of thousands of poll officials are working overtime to prepare for the election of the 543-member lower house that will be conducted by 5 stages beginning on april 20 and ending on may 10 .
a spokesman for india 's independent election commission said : " this is the world 's largest election and we expect it to be successful . "
india 's state railways have already made arrangements for trains to carry 4-million poll officials to all parts of the country .
they include 2,250 poll observers and 130,000 federal troops who are going to reinforce the local police at 700,000 poll stations across 28 provinces and 7 federal territories .
the robust economic growth has enabled the ruling bjp to seek the power to rule for the fourth time since 1996 . in its election statement , it vows to turn india into a superpower by 2020 .
indian finance minister singh said : " indian economy is growing at a healthy rate . the growth rate for the fourth quarter has reached 10.4% , which is the highest rate achieved in the history of indian administrations . "
about 750 national and regional political parties take part in this election which , however , is generally seen as a competition between prime minister vajpayee 's bjp and the main opposition congress party led by italian-born sonia gandhi .
opposition party golkar expected to win in indonesia 's general election
the golkar party once led by the former dictator suharto appeared set for victory in indonesia 's national parliament elections , less than six years after suharto was forced to resign .
from the nearly 84-million ballots counted , golkar has got 20.74% . closely following behind with 19.92% is the indonesian democratic party of struggle led by president megawati .
it now seems that megawati , who is intent on getting re-elected in the presidential election on july 5 , must face an uphill battle .
the result of a pre-election opinion survey released today shows that as many as 84% of those surveyed hope to have a new leader at the helm .
the newspaper kompas today had a front-page headline entitled " golkar party makes a comeback . "
the golkar party , which supported suharto 's dictatorship of indonesia for as long as 32 years yet now claims to have reformed completely , is maintaining its lead in 23 of the 32 provinces .
ballot counting is still going on eight days after the national parliament election .
those ballots not yet counted are mainly from outlying areas where voters are generally believed to favor the golkar party .
election research institutes have estimated that about 87% of the 147-million eligible voters went to cast their ballots at poll stations on april 5 . this means about 65% of ballots have been counted so far .
according to the most recent ballot counting , the current third winner is the national awakening party led by former president wahid with 12.39% of votes , slightly lower than that of the previous election . it is followed by vice president haz 's united development party with 8.27% of votes , a significant drop from the 11% it got in the 1999 election .
the democratic party newly founded by the former security minister yudhoyono is in fifth place with 7.51% of votes .
another new political party , the prosperous justice party , is currently placed sixth with 7.1% of votes .
ruling party expected to win a sweeping victory in south africa 's parliament election
ten years after the end of apartheid , south africa is going to hold its third democratic election on the 14th . the african national congress led by the current president mbeki is expected to win a sweeping victory .
the anc , which under the rule of mandela ended decades of white minority rule , may even take the two-thirds majority seats in the parliament in this election and win the councils of the two of the nine provinces in the country where it has not got control .
as they head to the polls tomorrow , south africa 's 21-million voters will notice that except for poverty and aids , south africa has fared pretty well in the decade after its rebirth as a new nation .
above all , after it ended the apartheid and put the white minority rule down in history in 1994 , it did not go into civil war as predicted and instead turned itself into a stable democracy .
during his campaign mbeki declared confidently that the anc will " win the decisive support from the people , " and that the weak and split opposition party has not posed too much a threat to the ruling party .
mbeki said : " i am touched by the great mood of optimism the people have about the future of this country . "
he said : " they will tell you where problems are but they are also confident things will be better tomorrow . "
the pre-election opinion survey predicted that the anc will collect 73% of votes as compared with the 66% in 1999 and 62.7% in 1994 .
the election on the 14th in south africa will re-elect the 400-seat parliament and the local councils of the nine provinces .
japanese government refutes the claim koizumi 's hard-line stance prolongs hostage crisis
as the incident of three japanese being kidnapped in iraq moved into its seventh day today , the japanese government today refuted the claim that japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi 's hard-line stance of accusing the kidnappers as terrorists has prolonged the hostage crisis .
koizumi told reporters tonight : " plenty of intelligence shows the hostages are still very safe . " yet two days after the expiration of the deadline , at which the armed insurgents threatened to execute the hostages , there was still no clear information on the fate of the three japanese hostages .
the hostage taker " mujahedin brigades " demanded that tokyo authorities withdraw japan 's self defense forces from iraq . the japanese government resolutely refused to give in .
kubaissi , head of the committee of muslim scholars , said in iraq yesterday that prime minister koizumi 's insistence that tokyo never yield to the foul threat of " terrorists " had led insurgents to reconsider their decision to release the hostages .
at a press conference today japan 's chief cabinet secretary yasuo fukuda criticized kubaissi 's claim .
fukuda said : " whether that remark will help the release of hostages , i hope he can think it over carefully . "
fukuda also refuted the claim that us vice president cheney 's four-day visit in japan had further jeopardized the hostage issue by highlighting the close us-japan ties .
fukuda said : " it 's not a good thing to be concerned with every such little thing . "
in a question-and-answer session at the diet today , koizumi implied that the recent fighting in fallujah had impeded the chance of hostages ' release .
after the opposition leaders urged koizumi to call for the self restraint of the us troops there , koizumi said : " i have to be very careful about what i say , because the situation in ( fallujah ) might be closely linked with the kidnapping issue . "
yukihisa fujita , house representative of the democratic party of japan , also told afp in jordan that the us forces had fatal clashes with iraqi insurgents in fallujah , which might have delayed the release of the hostages .
cheney pays an official visit to beijing ; zeng qinghong calls for ending arms sales to taiwan
us vice president cheney arrived in beijing today for his first official visit . it is generally believed that the focus of cheney 's visit is on the issue of taiwan and that beijing will call for washington authorities to stop selling arms to taiwan .
as soon as he arrived today , cheney held a meeting with china 's vice president zeng qinghong in the evening .
cheney told zeng qinghong at the meeting : " we also consider this a very important visit and we believe we can work together to do something good . "
according to the report of xinhua news agency , zeng qinghong told cheney that washington authorities should adhere to the agreement reached in 1982 to " stop selling arms to taiwan " and not send any wrong signal to taiwanese independence forces .
china has considered the issue of taiwan the most sensitive and important issue in the bilateral relationship between china and the united states .
although the united states signed the 1982 agreement , washington authorities care more about the us taiwan relations act passed by the us congress in 1979 that stipulates the us government must provide taiwan with necessary defense weapons .
quoting cheney , china 's state-run television station said cheney reiterated that the united states adheres to the principle of " one china " and does not support taiwan independence while mentioning again president bush 's talk at the end of last year against any unilateral measure to change the status quo of the taiwan strait .
the media report did not mention cheney 's reaction to china 's call for stopping arms sales to taiwan .
quoting cheney , xinhua news agency said that the us-china relations are stable and there have been major progresses in the bilateral relations in recent years , which have laid solid foundation for close cooperation between the two nations in fighting against terrorism and preventing the proliferation of weapons .
in addition , cheney and zeng qinghong also exchanged their views on issues of trade , north korea and iraq .
making clear he is no war president , bush calls military actions last resort
us president bush vowed today that he would use military forces against the enemy only as a last resort , citing the case where the united states successfully used the diplomatic pressure to force libya to abandon terrorism and proliferation of weapons .
due to the increasing casualties in the us-led war in iraq and under a barrage of criticism at home , bush arranged a special press conference in an attempt to clarify that he is by no means a war president .
bush said , " the american people must understand that military actions are my last resort . it is a tough choice to make for any president because i fully understand the consequence of this decision . "
bush said although the united states would never exclude the option of military actions , it would appeal to " all other necessary means " in response to any threat .
bush said , " the decision i made has already taken some effect , " and cited the case of libya as an example .
after it agreed to abandon its quest for weapons of mass destruction and accept the international inspection last december , libya opened a new page in its relations with the united states and britain .
bush said : " libya used to be a dangerous country that sponsored terrorism and possessed various kinds of weapons . colonel gaddafi made the right decision to disclose and destroy its embargoed weapons for the benefit of the entire world . "
in addition , libyan leader gaddafi also admitted frankly the storage of 44,000 pounds of mustard gas and disclosed the location of its production to the world chemical weapon watchdog .
us claims it holds substantial intelligence on underground nuclear network
following the media disclosure that pakistan 's top nuclear scientist qadeer khan saw three nuclear bombs when he paid a secret visit to north korea five years ago , us authorities said today that the united states has obtained " substantial intelligence " on qadeer khan " s illegal activities .
quoting officials who were briefed by the pakistani government , the new york times reported on the 13th that qadeer khan told interrogators he saw three nuclear devices in a secret underground nuclear plant when he paid a visit to north korea five years ago .
in response to the media report , the us department of state said in a comment that as soon as qadeer khan admitted publicly and frankly that he disclosed the secret of nuclear weapon to iran , libya and north korea , washington authorities started to work closely with pakistan to destroy the underground network headed by qadeer khan .
state department spokesman boucher told reporters that washington authorities " have already obtained from pakistan substantial intelligence on that network , including intelligence on the activities of qadeer khan and his partners and those others involved . "
quoting a us official , the new york times said us vice president cheney is expected to cite the new intelligence on north korea 's nuclear activities when he pays his visit to beijing to meet with chinese leaders .
the said us official declined to discuss details on the report , citing " oversensitive " as an excuse .
boucher said he could not make any specific comment on the new york times report as it involves us intelligence .
but he said : " we will continue to keep close track of all intelligence on north korea 's nuclear programs . "
frequent news of kidnapped hostages in iraq prompt all countries to urge their nationals to evacuate
as iraqi insurgents have recently kidnapped dozens of foreigners working at aid agencies or private institutions in iraq , all countries and groups urged the remaining foreigners in iraq to evacuate the country as soon as possible .
even those countries that earlier supported fully the attack and occupation of iraq have now started to notify their nationals to leave iraq .
recently , armed insurgents have grown to favor destroying the us-led coalition by kidnapping hostages .
polish prime minister miller , whose country commands a multinational coalition force of over 9,000 soldiers in southern iraq , has ruled out the possibility of sending more troops to iraq .
the czech republic , another us ally , called back seven reconstruction experts to prague and told them not to return to iraq unless instructed to do so .
" technoprom , " one of the largest russian companies in iraq , said it was evacuating its 370 staff , while another company " interenergoservis " said it was considering pulling out its 200 employees .
german aid organization " help " said it had asked its last four foreign workers still in iraq to leave iraq because of the increasing number of kidnappings .
on the other hand , france , an adamant opponent of military strikes , advised its less than 100 remaining citizens in iraq to leave iraq .
the international society of the red cross has suspended its flights between amman and baghdad .
the figure released by the coalition forces shows that about 40 foreign hostages from the united states and 11 other countries in europe and asia are now in the hands of insurgents .
economy in china shows sign of overheating , says imf
international monetary fund said today that there seem to be signs of overheating in china 's economy . currently it is uncertain whether beijing authorities have contained this phenomenon or whether making the rmb exchange rate flexible would render instant relief to china 's economy .
rajan , a chief economist at the imf , said : " there are some signs of economic overheating . "
he told the reporter in a telephone interview : " ( china ) currently has tremendous amount of investment , and credit is also expanding tremendously . chinese authorities are now trying to control this situation . "
he said : " it 's still hard to tell whether they have put the situation under control . "
chinese officials said in beijing this week that china 's economic growth rate is estimated to reach 9.5% in the first quarter this year and will likely hit 10% in the second quarter .
rajah said it is uncertain at this moment whether a flexible exchange rate might help cool down the economy .
chinese authorities are facing major obstacles in controlling the credit allocation by banks and their branches .
he said : " i think it is still an open question whether more limited exchange rate intervention can help solve the problem . "
in the long run , changing a fixed rmb exchange rate to a flexible one is of great importance to china . it can allow prices to reflect the reality of market , promote china 's consumer spending and reduce the cost of imports .
rajah said : " in the short rum , there are some concerns that china must take into account .
yet having said that , i think the imf 's policy is that any policy leading toward a flexible exchange rate will be a good thing . "
anc expected to win sweeping victory in general election in south africa
as south african people eagerly cast their ballots for the election today for the third time after the end of apartheid , african national congress is expected to continue its rule and responsibility in fighting against poverty , crimes and aids .
the anc ended decades of white minority rule under its former leader mandela .
it is likely that this time they will even take the two-thirds majority seats in the parliament and win the two of the nine provinces in the country where they have not got control .
in soweto , a black residential community that used to be the center of resistance to the apartheid , voting went on at a pretty heated pace early in the morning with a meandering line of crowd in front of the poll station .
as south africa 's first black president and hero of the anti-apartheid movement , mandela declared when he cast his ballot in the upscale borough of houghton in johannesburg : " i feel abundantly energized as i am able to vote again . "
the 85-year-old former president said : " i sincerely hope the whole world can abandon violence and safeguard their own rights as citizens through peaceful means . "
south africa 's 21-million voters will cast ballots to elect the 400 members of the national assembly and representatives to the councils of the country 's nine provinces . there are 37 parties on the local ballot , while the national ballot has 21 parties .
the newly-elected national assembly will later convene on april 23 in cape town to elect the new president .
mbeki , who succeeded mandela in 1999 , is generally expected to smoothly win a second term in office after which , however , he will not be allowed to continue his term .
fbi director : anti-terror mechanism fully reformed after 9  11
chief officials at us intelligence agencies are defending themselves hard for their anti-terror efforts after the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 . they said although problems continue to exist , they have already been working on many of the most serious deficiencies .
fbi director mueller released a 70-page report summarizing a host of measures the fbi employed to step up intelligence activities , including improving the connection with the cia .
on the 13th , the fbi was harshly criticized for its failure to effectively gather and interpret intelligence .
mueller told the " national commission on terrorist attacks upon the united states " : " we are eliminating the fence that historically separated us from the cia as we continue to move in the right direction . "
cia director tenet conceded to this 9  11 investigation commission that the us inability to preempt the al-qaeda attacks on 9  11 was a major failure . but he insisted that in terms of " the value at this cost , we have already given the american people a lot of benefit . "
the hearings on the 13th and 14th underscored that past us anti-terrorism goals were hobbled by infighting between intelligence agencies , antiquated infrastructure and an outmoded world view , among other problems .
the 9  11 investigation commission said major problems persist , including the slow pace of reform .
tenet , for example , said the cia 's overhaul could take as long as five years to complete .
investigation commission faults us intelligence agencies as disorganized , unintegrated and uncoordinated
an independent commission investigating the terrorist attacks confirmed today that the us intelligence agencies are disorganized with their functions discrete across many agencies yet under no governing head office . this would impede the circulation of information and render the united states incapable of early detection of such schemes as those carried out by the 9  11 terrorists more than two years ago .
the report issued by the " national commission on terrorist attacks " said : " there was a lack of an information framework adequate enough to ensure the integration of anti-terrorist information in the intelligence community . "
the report also criticized the cia and other intelligence agencies for seriously underestimating the threat posed by bin laden 's al-qaeda several months before the 9  11 attacks .
the congress is holding two days of hearing to find out whether intelligence officials had tried everything possible to prevent al-qaeda from launching the 9  11 terrorist attacks , which caused the tragic deaths of 3,000 people in the world trade center in new york and the pentagon in the suburbs of washington .
the above report was released on the second day of hearing .
in its summary , the commission report said that cia director tenet , the first witness at the hearing , had only the nominal supervision over " loosely integrated intelligence agencies " that " lack the incentive to cooperate , collaborate and share information . "
in addition , tenet mainly focused his energies on the cia rather than coordinating and integrating overall us intelligence operations .
the report accused tenet of failing to develop a set of management strategy for global intelligence so as to assist in winning the war on terror .
the report said : " like his predecessors , he focused his energies on the cia , the agency he could create most value for , but the cia is only one part of the overall intelligence capability of this country . "
in summary the report asked : " the question remains : who is in charge of intelligence ? "
pakistan makes no comment on claim its nuclear expert saw north korea 's nuclear weapons
pakistan said it will release publicly the result of a probe into the proliferation by its nuclear godfather qadeer khan but refused to confirm reports that qadeer khan had seen three nuclear bombs in north korea .
the new york times reported on tuesday that qadeer khan , the metallurgist who was respected as a national hero in pakistan for creating a nuclear program , told interrogators he saw those nuclear bombs in a secret underground plant during his visit to north korea five years ago .
pakistani foreign ministry spokesman masood khan said at a weekly press briefing , " i have seen the report , " but he declined to elaborate , saying only , " i would not like to go into specifics . "
he added : " we have been providing relevant information to the international community and other countries that have a direct interest in this matter . "
us state department spokesman boucher told reporters that the united states " has received a large amount of information from pakistan about the proliferation network , qadeer khan 's activities , the activities of his associates , and other people involved . "
boucher said : " we want to point out that qadeer khan has admitted to helping north korea in establishing its uranium enrichment program , which gave the lie to north korea 's denials . "
the new york times report quoted us officials who had been briefed by the pakistani government .
pakistani president musharraf has pardoned qadeer khan after he confessed to his sales of nuclear expertise and technology to iran , libya and north korea .
qadeer khan confessed in a television program that his activities had not been endorsed by the pakistani government and military .
us expects to work closely with seoul on north korean crisis after south korean elections
after south korea 's reformist party " open our party " won a landmark victory in the parliament election , the united states said it expects to work closely with seoul to tackle the north korean nuclear crisis .
the " open our party " that supports the impeached president roh moo-hyun became the first reformist bloc to control the national assembly in more than four decades after the election on the 15th .
no change is expected in current policies in south korea after the election , but roh moo-hyun supports the reconciliation with nuclear-armed north korea while his conservative opponents say he should take a harder line against pyongyang .
last month roh moo-hyun was impeached by an alliance of parties including conservative politicians . the result of the parliament election is apparently a counter reaction of voters to the impeachment .
the conservative politicians who have been in control of the national assembly for years were defeated in this election .
us state department spokesman boucher said today that the united states expects to work closely with the south korean government and the new national assembly on the north korean nuclear crisis and other issues .
asked whether washington is concerned that the new majority party in south korea 's national assembly is more sympathetic toward north korea than the previous one , boucher replied : " this matter has to be decided by the south korean government and the new majority party of the national assembly . "
he said : " we have always found steadfast allies in south korea , and we expect it to continue this way . "
boucher said : " we expect to work with them so as to fully reinforce our relations with them . we have cooperated with our allies in south korea in many aspects , whether it is the policy on north korea where we have a close coordination with japan and south korea , or it is the fight against terrorism and military deployment in iraq . "
us soldier taken hostage in iraq ; us and britain stand firm
al jazeera television network today broadcast a footage of a us soldier being kidnapped and held hostage by insurgents in iraq , and friends of the soldier 's family who saw the video tape confirmed his identity , making him the first us soldier known to be held hostage in iraq .
apart from that , three czech hostages and one canadian hostage were released respectively , while us president bush and british prime minister blair vowed not to be deterred by the increasingly intense insurgency in iraq .
in the above video tape the kidnapped soldier was seen to be sitting on the ground surrounded by masked gunmen . he said : " my name is keith matthew maupin . "
the us soldier was wearing desert fatigues and a floppy hat , staring all the time on the ground to avoid the camera .
he said he is married and has a 10-month-old child .
the interpreter said the soldier is in good health and has come to iraq for the sake of " liberating " this country ; but rather than being there , he would prefer staying with the child .
the spokesman said : " the muslim soldiers have taken a us soldier in custody . . . the us soldier is being treated as a prisoner in accordance with the islamic creed and he is in good health . "
he said : " we want to exchange him for some of our people . "
in ohio in the mid-western united states , the friends of the soldier 's family saw the above video tape and confirmed that the person in the video tape is indeed private second class matthew maupin himself .
the us-led coalition forces said earlier on the 16th that some 40 foreigners from at least 12 countries were being held hostages in iraq , including seven us contractors and the two missing us soldiers .
eu calls for complete reform of myanmar at asem
as the annual asia-europe meeting ( asem ) convened today in ireland , the issue of myanmar has become again the focus of the meeting .
the european union insisted at the meeting that if myanmar hopes to join asem , this country under military leadership must first undergo complete reform .
prior to the meeting british foreign secretary straw said that the precondition for myanmar to join asem is that myanmar authorities must release the democratic leader aung san suu kyi .
the eu also demands that myanmar fulfill its promise to implement " the road map to democracy , " the first step being to allow the national league for democracy led by suu kyi and other ethnic groups to participate in a national convention next month .
straw said : " all those are the conditions under which we will accept myanmar into asem . "
the two-day asem meeting is currently being held at the golf club in kildare . this time it is chaired by ireland , which holds the eu 's rotating presidency , and participated by foreign ministers of the 10-nation eu , seven asean member states and china , japan , south korea and other countries .
at a meeting of eu foreign ministers , irish foreign minister cowen also said that the issue of myanmar has distracted the focus of eu 's recent expansion to add ten more member states .
since myanmar , laos and cambodia are currently still unable to join the asem , other asem nations said that the eu should first allow these three countries including myanmar to attend the next asem meeting to be held in october in hanoi if it hopes to take ten new members into its fold .
but the eu has rejected this proposal .
gasparovic , a controversial slovak president-elect
slovak president-elect gasparovic is a highly controversial figure and has close ties with the former prime minister meciar .
however , it was due to meciar that slovakia was isolated by the west in mid 1990s .
now , gasparovic will lead this small former communist nation back into the fold of europe and slovakia will join the european union and nato in the early days of gasparovic 's administration .
gasparovic , 63 , is a central-leftist law professor and prefers to call himself an architect of independent slovakia .
he is the author of the independent constitution , which led to the so-called velvet revolution in slovakia and the czech republic that formed the then czechoslovakia .
gasparovic 's real political career started in 1990 , shortly after the downfall of communism when the former dissident havel was elected president and appointed gasparovic prosecutor general of the federal czechoslovakia .
attracted by the nationalist meciar , gasparovic joined meciar 's movement for a democratic slovakia party in 1992 to fight for independence and succeeded in separating slovakia from czechoslovakia in january 1993 .
gasparovic served as speaker of the slovak parliament between 1992 and 1998 , and during those six years became meciar 's right-hand man when the latter was the prime minister .
under the leadership of the two men , when other central european nations all started negotiations for entry to the eu and nato , slovakia was barred from participating in the negotiations due to its under-the-table privatization and the lack of democracy and rule of law .
gasparovic was eliminated from movement for a democratic slovakia party 's list of parliamentary candidates in 2002 .
in the same year , gasparovic broke off from meciar and founded a similarly-named party , the movement for democracy .
american soldier held hostage in iraq headlined in us media
the news of a us soldier held hostage by anti-american guerrillas in iraq was given extensive front-page , headline coverage by the us press , radio and television stations today .
the new york daily news reported the news with a front-page headline of " hostage " and a photo of the us soldier in captivity reproduced from the footage of al jazeera television station .
the daily news report said : " a us soldier missing for a week showed up yesterday in a video tape surrounded by masked iraqi terrorists who threatened to use this us soldier as a bargaining chip in the negotiation . "
matthew maupin , 20 , was the first us soldier held hostage since the downfall of the hussein regime in iraq .
on the 9th of this month a us convoy was attacked west of baghdad . maupin and another soldier , the 40-year-old krause , were reported missing .
while maupin is now confirmed as hostage , there has n't been any word on krause 's whereabouts .
hamill , the 43-year-old american civilian who was taken hostage together with maupin , is a truck driver sent to work in iraq by kbr , a subsidiary of halliburton , the us energy and oil company . there are six more kbr employees missing in the attack and their whereabouts have so far remained unknown .
the washington post , los angeles times and new york times also gave their front-page coverage to the news that the us soldier maupin was held as hostage .
the washington post said the video tape of maupin being kidnapped offered a glimpse of the wave of kidnappings targeting foreign soldiers , businessmen and civilians in iraq in the past two weeks , while los angeles times and new york times respectively said maupin " looked horrified " and " nervous . "
us military scholar accuses bush administration of basing iraq war on flawed logic
in his report an american military scholar concluded that the us military strategy in iraq is based on a " flawed " logic because it is pursuing two mutually independent goals of changing iraq 's regime and doing it " quickly and at a low cost . "
army lieutenant colonel echevarria 's findings were published last month in the report of the us army war college . the journal noted the article presented only the personal views of its author .
echevarria said that military actions aimed to change a political regime are usually time-consuming and labor-intensive .
but president bush , he said , wanted to do it at his " desired fast speed and low cost . "
the bush administration paid little attention to the possibility that the overall financial cost of this war could be very high and even dismissed the projection of white house 's chief economic adviser lindsay which put the war cost at between us $ 100-billion to us $ 200-billion .
echevarria wrote : " it ( the bush administration ) underestimated the potential loss of us troops and other personnel involved to get the job done and how long they have to stay deployed there . "
in his analysis he echoed warnings made early last year by the then army chief of staff general shinseki , who told the congress that the united states still had to keep several hundred-thousand us troops in iraq after the war .
deputy defense secretary wolfowitz refuted his projection as " widely off the mark , " and shortly afterward shinseki turned in his request for retirement .
congressional criticisms of the bush administration repeatedly said shinseki 's analysis was correct and accused the government of feeding the public with unrealistic and rosy forecasts .
study shows low calorie diet helps prevent stroke and heart disease
in a study published today , washington university school of medicine said that strictly restricting calorie intake can significantly reduce the risk of getting diabetes , heart disease , a stroke and other diseases .
as shown in this study published in the proceedings of the us national academy of sciences , researchers at washington university school of medicine in missouri found that people who favor a low-calorie diet , in spite of being in their 50s or 60s , maintain the same low risk of getting those diseases as people who are decades younger .
professor holloszy , who led the research , said : " the result of the research shows that restricting calorie intake can effectively prevent those diseases associated with aging . "
" we do n't know when those people on low calorie diet will die , but they can surely enjoy a longer life expectancy than the average because they are most unlikely to die of heart disease . "
the study divided 36 people aged from 35 to 82 into two groups . one group is made of people who have been on low calorie diet for 3 to 5 years , while the other group is made of people who are accustomed to a typical " western " diet .
each individual 's calorie intake is different depending on the individual 's weight , gender and height .
the group on low calorie diet consumed 1,100 to 1,950 calorie per day , of which 26% is from protein , 28% from fat , and 46% from complex carbohydrates . the group on high calorie diet consumed 1,975 to 3,550 calorie per day , of which 18% is from protein , 32% from fat and 50% from carbohydrates including starches .
australia rejects us think tank 's criticism on its intelligence agencies
rand corporation , a us think tank , claimed in a report that the australian security and intelligence organization was often unwilling to share key information with police out of jealousy of the police 's counter-terrorist role and consequently ignored the intelligence that could have prevented the bali bombings .
however , the australian government denied this claim today .
in an interview with a local radio station in victoria , australian prime minister howard refuted the report by rand corporation as incorrect and based on erroneous assumptions .
the washington-based rand corporation released this study on western intelligence agencies two weeks ago in the united states and its publication in sydney today has fueled the political storm triggered by the remark of lieutenant colonel collins , a military expert .
collins repeatedly alleged that the asio had adjusted the content of its report to satisfy the political leaders .
collins , who specializes in intelligence analysis , said that the australian intelligence services have many failings , including their work on east timor , bali bombings and searching weapons of mass destruction in iraq .
as a result , howard is again put under pressure to conduct a judicial inquiry into the case .
the non-profit rand corporation criticized in the report that prior to the bali bombings , the asio apparently ignored a threat assessment report that pointed to the imminent terrorist attacks on bali island .
the bombings in october 2002 killed 202 people , including 88 australians .
rand corporation noted that in spite of its constant coordination with the australian federal police in strategies and intelligence operations , the asio was not required to do so and therefore would deliberately withhold some intelligence occasionally based on its own calculation of the national interest .
japan 's trade surplus stays firm in march thanks to robust exports
according to the official statistics released , japan 's trade surplus in march marked the ninth straight month of growth thanks to its robust exports to asia . however , economists warned that exports may peak soon .
they said exports would grow at a moderate pace in the second half of the year if china raises interest rates to slow down its overheated economic growth while the us economy may also cool down .
the trade surplus in march rose 17.8% from a year earlier to 1.13-trillion yen ( us $ 10.4-billion ) , with exports up 13.3% to 5.44-trillion yen while imports increased 12.2% to 4.31-trillion yen .
the ministry of finance said that from january to march this year the trade surplus surged 16.3% to a total of 11.24-trillion yen , hitting a new high in the four years with exports up 6.3% to 56.06-trillion yen and imports up 4.1% to 44.83-trillion yen .
sumitani , an economist at tokai tokyo research center , said : " statistics confirm that exports are still the major drive for japan 's economic recovery .
the demands of the united states and china contributed largely to the continued robust exports , but future growth is bound to slow down now that the united states ' and china 's economies have started to cool off . "
last month japan 's trade surplus with the rest of asia grew 20.7% to 679.9-billion yen , with exports to asia accounting for 2.63-trillion yen , a growth rate of 19.6% , while imports from asia grew 19.2% to 1.95-trillion yen .
the trade surplus with the united states fell 3.6% to 579.4-billion yen for the first time in three months .
the trade surplus with the european union rose 1% to 279.3-billion yen .
a medical breakthrough : a map of over 20,000 human genes to be released
an international research team will post on the internet a detailed map of more than 20,000 human genes , which is considered a huge breakthrough in medical science .
japan 's takashi gojobori , who heads the team , was quoted as saying : " we are confident now that anyone in academia or industry who uses our database will gain far deeper insight into the meaning of human disease than ever before . "
the aforementioned map drawn by researchers in britain , china , france , germany , the united states and other countries will be used to study the relationship between genetic functions and pathologies .
to biologists , doctors and pharmacologists , the creation of this map is a landmark achievement .
it is said in the journal of " public library of science biology " that 152 scientist participating in this research project have laid the foundation to meet the challenge of linking the function of each gene and its result with its clinical effect on human health .
" h-invitational , " a consortium coordinated by takashi gojobori and formed by researchers at forty institutions in australia , brazil , britain , china , france , germany , south africa , south korea , sweden , switzerland , and the united states , has identified and annotated 21,037 human genes .
the french researcher auffray commented : " it 's extremely exciting that this joint effort has made full use of contributions of all biologists and computer experts . . . while these experts in cooperation are longing to find knowledge useful for human health . "
the german center for cancer research , a h-invitational member in heidelberg , said that the above-said databank established after two years of cooperative efforts is the largest of its kind in the world .
powell says us will address arab world 's concerns about middle east developments
amid the unabated fury of the arab world over us president bush 's endorsement of the controversial israeli disengagement plan last week , us secretary of state powell said today the united states will be able to address the concerns about its commitment to the roadmap to the middle east peace .
powell admitted these concerns have caused both jordan 's king abdullah and palestine 's foreign minister shaath to postpone their meeting scheduled to be held this week in washington , but he said he believed bush made this decision as the best way to help put an end to the israeli-palestinian conflict .
after meeting with solana , eu 's foreign affairs chief , at the state department , he told reporters : " i am sure we can address his ( abdullah 's ) concerns .
i think we can also address concerns expressed by others . "
powell stressed that although the united states adopted israeli prime minister sharon 's plan that israel unilaterally withdraws from the gaza strip while keeping some settlements on the west bank , washington has not abandoned the roadmap .
the roadmap to peace plan proposes that israel and palestine adopt reciprocal measures to facilitate a solution that allows the two countries to coexist .
he said the " realities " of the middle east must be faced , but he also insisted that washington has not taken any formal position that is prejudiced or interfering toward any future negotiations between israel and palestine on the border line of the two countries or the status of refugees .
he said : " the fact is that the president is absolutely committed to establishing a state of palestine .
that 's our commitment and he has not breached it . "
us supreme court examines the legality of detaining war prisoners at guantanamo
the us supreme court has been examining the legality of detaining about 600 prisoners indefinitely at guantanamo , a military base in cuba .
the us government believes those prisoners were the enemy combatants the united states had to cope with during its " war on terror . "
the supreme court will decide in june whether the guantanamo prisoners have the right to challenge their detention in a us court .
these prisoners were members of the taliban and al-qaeda . many of them have been detained here without indictment for more than two years .
in an intense debate that lasted an hour , olson , the solicitor general defending the us government , insisted that the us law is not applicable to those in custody .
those in custody are from some forty countries , and besides , guantanamo is not a us territory .
under an agreement it signed with cuba in 1903 , the united states has been leasing guantanamo for its navy base .
the cuban government said it has no longer recognized this lease agreement .
gibbons , lead attorney for the prisoners , argued : " using the provision in the lease agreement as an excuse is an arbitrary defense argument .
the executive branch can create a no law zone and not be held responsible . "
" the key point is whether the federal court has legal jurisdiction . "
gibbons said : " if a prisoner attacks another person , he should be sued by the us law .
that is because there is n't any other law applicable in guantanamo . the cuban law is not applicable either . "
about more than 20 demonstrators , including members of the amnesty international , gathered in protest outside the supreme court , holding cloth banners which said " detention without trial is tyranny . "
the us government may encounter some unprecedented move from the un human rights commission this week accusing it of violating the human rights of al-qaeda and taliban suspects at guantanamo .
british media accuses prime minister of holding eu constitution referendum as a political gamble
the british press agreed unanimously today that prime minister blair is gambling his political career by his decision to hold a referendum on the proposed eu constitution .
the decision to hold a referendum , announced by blair at the parliament on tuesday , has been under attacks by much of the media as a move to gain domestic political interest rather than to follow the rule of democracy .
the times said on its front page : " blair has gambled his political career on the verdict of a european issue . "
the rightist newspaper said blair has made " the sharpest turn of policy in his tenure as a prime minister " and it seriously doubted whether " he could still remain in office if the referendum failed . "
at this moment the date of the referendum has not yet been disclosed .
the financial times accused blair of " dirty opportunism " and said he had to " abandon his principled position to oppose the referendum for the sake of political expediency , " which may assist him in the next general election .
the general election is expected to be held in the first half of 2005 .
the rightist tabloid " daily express " believed blair was doing the right thing but for the wrong reason .
the paper said in an editorial : " blair did not seek our opinion ; he only wanted to rob the critics of the stick they could use to attack him with . "
the leftist daily mirror , on the other hand , said blair " cleverly suppressed " the issue that major conservative oppositions hoped to make most of in the next general election and therefore gave a big boost to his labor party .
the british eu skeptics of various kinds including the conservatives have long called for a referendum , while blair was under increasing criticism due to his previous insistence that there was no need for a referendum .
imf again calls on china for more flexibility of rmb exchange rate
in its semi-annual world economic outlook report , the international monetary fund ( imf ) said that under the pressure from the united states and other countries china actually could help its own economy by adopting a more flexible policy on the rmb exchange rate .
the world economic outlook report suggested that a more flexible rmb will be in beijing 's own interest .
the report said : " given its external strength , the advantage of improving the effectiveness of its monetary policy and the need to accelerate its adjustment to structural changes in the medium term , it is in china 's interest to gradually allow for more flexibility of its exchange rate . "
the rmb has been fixed at 8.28 to the us dollar since 1995 .
us officials and congressmen have all considered the rate too low and claimed the devaluation of rmb hurts the us industry and jobs .
the us trade deficit with china hit us $ 124-billion last year , accounting for a quarter of the us foreign trade deficit .
beijing has repeatedly rejected the pressure from washington to float the rmb exchange rate .
meanwhile , the imf said , china and other emerging asian countries have developed into major growth engines for the world economy .
the report estimated that china 's economic growth will reach 8.5% this year and about 8% next year .
the report said : " china has helped to increase intraregional trade and supported regional growth , but early signs of economic overheating show that it would make sense to adopt a more tightening overall economic policy . "
the report went on to say : " although robust fixed investments have helped to support the actual economic growth , there has been an increasing concern about the excessive investments in several sectors that saw a dramatic increase in output but also a sharp rise in input prices . "
imf officials said earlier that china 's economy seems to be overheating and a flexible rmb exchange rate may offer some relief .
car bombing attack in saudi arabia killed at least four and wounded 148
a car bombing attack took place at the headquarters of saudi arabia 's national security bureau located in the central district of the capital riyadh on the 21st , killing at least four people and injuring 148 while turning the site of the blast into a complete mess .
so far nobody has claimed responsibility for the bombing .
the bombing attack took place at 2:00 p.m . today ( 7:00 p.m . on the 21st taipei time ) .
saudi arabia 's interior ministry said in a statement more than 8 hours after the incident : " a total of four people died as the statement was being drafted .
the dead include a civilian employee , an 11-year-old syrian girl and two security officers on duty . "
the statement said : " the number of the wounded people has reached 148 . among them 38 are foreigners .
103 of the wounded have been discharged from hospital , while the other 45 are still hospitalized for treatment . "
the earlier news from the police and the hospital was at least 8 people were killed in the blast , including a high ranking police officer while 113 people were wounded .
this has been the first time that riyadh was bombed since the two bombings in the residential areas took place in may and in november last year .
saudi arabian authorities vowed to root out the terrorists behind the scene .
coincidentally , us deputy secretary of state armitage , who is on a recent visit to the arab countries in the persian gulf , happens to be in saudi arabia now .
the day before armitage 's visit on november 9 last year , a bombing took place in a residential area in riyadh , while the day before us secretary of state powell 's arrival in saudi arabia in may last year , there were also three bombings in the residential areas in riyadh .
the united states issued an order last week that based on the increasingly dangerous situation , diplomats , unless necessary , must leave saudi arabia as soon as possible , while urging american nationals to leave as soon as possible too .
us television network broadcasts photos of dying princess diana
the us television network cbs today broadcast the never-before-disclosed , black-and-white photos of the late british princess diana minutes before she died in a car accident .
the car in which princess diana and her lover dodi fayed were riding crashed in an underground tunnel in paris in 1997 . both died in the accident .
the duplicates of those blurry black-and-white photos that cbs obtained were reproduced from the confidential archive of the french investigation authority .
one of the blurry photos showed an apparently bloody head of princess diana while the french doctor mailliez , who arrived at the scene minutes after the car accident , was administering first aid to princess diana in the wrecked car .
cbs disclosed those photos in a special edition of its news program " 48 hours . "
the program mainly re-mentioned various kinds of conspiracy theories about the death of princess diana without disclosing any new evidence inconsistent with the report of the french investigation authority .
the report by the french investigation authority said that the cause of the accident was excessive speeding and the high level of alcohol and prescription drug found in the blood test of the limousine driver paul .
in britain mohammed fayed , father of dodi fayed , condemned the us cbs for showing those photos .
bbc quoted mohammed fayed as saying : " cbs cares nothing about the shocking effect of broadcasting the images of murdered victims . they only wanted to cash in on this tragedy . "
mohammed fayed has been accusing the british intelligence and security agencies of masterminding the crash accident .
over 600 million people in africa struggle against malaria , threatened by death
the world health organization warned that over 600-million people in africa may die from malaria because they lack new improved drugs , and existing drugs no longer work .
the who said in a statement prior to malaria day on april 25 that countries south of the sahara must switch to newly developed medical treatments while the international community should make more generous donations and raise funds to fight against malaria .
the who said today : " more than 600-million people , most of whom are children in southern africa , are struggling with death day by day because this newest effective treatment is not available where they live . "
it said : " the cheap drugs that have been in use for years are no longer working in many regions because the malaria mosquito has long developed resistance to these drugs . "
the artemisinin-based atcs introduced for the first time in two decades are most effective in curing malaria but they are not commonly provided because the drug costs us $ 2.00 ( 1.7 euro ) per dose , which is 10 to 20 times the price of the old drug .
artemisinin is extracted from the plant artemisia . the treatment , which can be traced back to some chinese medical literature two-thousand years ago , has been gradually introduced into the western medical science and technology since its research started in the 1970s .
since 2000 the global fund to fight aids , tb and malaria has helped 15 african countries including burundi , south africa , kenya and cameroon in adopting acts to fight malaria .
the who said : " other countries may start to follow suit this year . "
un human rights meeting to debate on sudan 's humanitarian disaster
the issue of humanitarian disaster in sudan 's western darfur region will finally become the focus of discussion at the meeting of the un human rights commission . observers said in a warning that failure to pledge tough actions is bound to bring tragic consequences .
on the last day of its six-week annual meeting in geneva , the un human rights commission will review claims of various atrocities committed by sudan 's government-backed militias in darfur region where as many as 10,000 people were tragically slaughtered .
due to the unfinished consultation among the delegations , the formal debate on what has been called the most serious human rights crisis in the world was forced to be delayed by over a week .
the united nations estimated that the civil war in darfur region has displaced nearly 1-million people in sudan and forced more than 100,000 people to flee to the neighboring country chad for shelter since the conflict broke out in february last year .
earlier this month , the un secretary general annan urged in his speech at the meeting of the un human rights commission that the international community must consider taking resolute measures including military actions if sudan did not agree to allow emergency aid and humanitarian workers into the local area .
but the softly-worded statement about the issue of sudan made yesterday prompted strong condemnation from the united states and human rights advocacy groups .
the aforementioned statement may replace the eu 's strongly-worded version which called for emergency actions while condemning the violence in darfur region .
williamson , head of the us delegation , said the united states opposes the softer review .
williamson said : " ten years from now , people will remember only one thing about the 60th session of the un human rights commission . that is whether we have stood up to fight the atrocities of ethnic cleansing that is taking place right now in sudan . "
the soft-worded statement expressed " grave concerns " for darfur region , but welcomed sudan 's permission to allow the un team to visit sudan .
the sudanese government has been refusing to allow the un team to enter the country for investigation until now .
chinese mainland reports four sars cases , with one death
four confirmed and suspected severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) cases were announced on the chinese mainland , with one of the patients already deceased .
the epidemic that caused nearly 800 deaths across the mainland last year has again made its appearance .
in an effort to prevent the epidemic from spreading , health officials across the mainland have raised an alert while the ministry of health conducts an urgent investigation into the source of the sars reappearance .
a news release issued by the information office of the ministry of health said : " according to the initial assessment by experts , the outbreak may have started with the infection of some laboratory staff members . "
the news release gave a brief on the current spread of the epidemic and pointed out that the beijing-based morphology laboratory of the institute of virology prevention and control under the china disease prevention and control center was largely connected .
the ministry of health said that one of the confirmed cases was a 26-year-old female postgraduate student named song from anhui medical university . she had studied in the morphology laboratory for two weeks last month .
she returned to anhui and was hospitalized due to fever-like symptoms . her mother , who had cared for her in the hospital , became sick and died early this week . so far , the postmortem examination result has shown it was only a suspected case .
another confirmed case is a 20-year-old nurse named li from beijing jiangong hospital , where the above-mentioned patient song was hospitalized for a short while before returning to anhui .
an official with the hospital said : " all colleagues who have had contact ( with li ) have already been isolated . "
the second suspected case is a 31-year-old named yang , who had also worked in the morphology laboratory of the china disease prevention and control center .
the authorities have taken immediate steps to prevent the epidemic from spreading , with 117 people who have had contact with song from anhui being isolated for observation .
as for those who might have close contact with the nurse named li in beijing , there are a total of 188 , five of whom have already developed fevers .
three of the five are relatives of nurse li . they have also developed sars-like symptoms in the interim .
libya praises us for easing its economic sanctions
the united states has announced the easing of its 18-year old economic sanctions on libya , whom hailed it as a " victory " won by the tripoli authorities and has placed great hopes on it for robust development of the oil sector , the lifeline of the country 's economy .
libya 's official jana news agency reported during the evening newscast on the 23rd that libyan leader kadhafi had already received a phone call of congratulations from tunisian president ben ali .
during the phone call , ben ali extended " his congratulations to kadhafi for libya 's victory over all its past challenges . "
us president bush announced on the 23rd that washington had decided to ease its economic sanctions on libya to reward tripoli for giving up its quest for weapons of mass destruction .
despite the hailing of the victory by the official news agency , circles close to the libyan government were disappointed that the sanctions were only eased , and not totally lifted by the us .
the director of tripoli 's graduate studies academy , ibrahim , said , " libya has honored all its commitments . there is no reason for relations not to go back to normal . "
however , ibrahim also conceded that the easing of the sanctions were " a step in the right direction . "
the general manager of the tripoli-based petroleum research center , belgesem , said that the new state of relations would allow cooperation in the oil industry to more quickly develop .
us companies had halted their investment in libya 's oil sector after the us sanctions went into effect in 1986 .
belgesem added that the removal of libya from the iran-libya sanctions act of 1996 would also make it easier for non-us companies to invest in libya .
cyprus holds referendum on un reunification plan
greek and turkish cypriots went to the polls today in separate votes on a un plan to reunify the cypriot island before the republic of cyprus joins the european union on may 1 .
the cypriot island has been divided for 30 years .
however , people working for early exit polls told reporters that the greek cypriots were likely to vote against the reunification plan , which would certainly leave the turkish cypriots , who were expected to vote for it , excluded from the eu .
a total of 633,801 voters have been registered to vote on the reunification referendum , including 480,165 greek cypriots and 143,636 turkish cypriots
the plan was drawn up by un secretary general annan to try to solve one of the world 's most thorny disputes .
speaking at a polling station outside the capital of nicosia , greek cypriot president papadopoulos , who was opposed to the plan , asked the people of cyprus not to celebrate the referendum result .
" whatever the outcome is there should be no celebrations or the day will be overshadowed by violence , " he said .
the referendum campaign in the southern cypriot island has been one of the most acrimonious and tense in recent history , with advocates of a " yes " vote claiming to have been victims of intimidation and media bias .
the european union , united states and the united nations have all criticized the cyprus government and much of the media for a lack of balance over how the peace plan was presented to the public .
but papadopoulos , who had faced international pressure and anger for his stance on the issue , said that whatever the result it " must be respected by all people " .
north korea admits heavy casualties from train blast 154 confirmed killed 1300 injured
north korea today attributed human error to the large train explosion which occurred two days ago in ryongchon prefecture near the border with china and said the damage caused by the accident was " very serious " .
following the blast that killed at least 154 people and injured more than 1,000 others , north korea 's official " korean central news agency " ( kcna ) , reported in its first statement on the blast that the explosion had been caused by carelessness when dealing with dangerous cargo .
north korea 's kcna said , " an explosion occurred at the ryongchon railway station in northern phyongan province on april 22 due to the electrical contact caused by carelessness during the shunting of wagons loaded with ammonium nitrate fertilizer and tank wagons . "
south korean chemical experts pointed out that ammonium nitrate was very stable and unlikely to explode even if heated to 200 centigrade , but when mixed with oil it can become very unstable .
north korea 's kcna has not given more details of the casualties , but a xinhua news agency report filed from the accident site quoted jang song gun , chairman of the rescue committee of the ryongchon prefecture in north korea 's northern phyongan province as saying that the explosion on the 22nd had killed at least 154 people , including 76 primary school students , and injured over 1300 others .
however , the red cross association said the death toll was likely to rise since up to 8,000 houses were destroyed or seriously damaged and 12 public buildings had been leveled to the ground .
experts from seoul pointed out that north korea 's admittance to the disaster and acceptance of aid offers from the international community indicated the seriousness of the tragedy .
professor kang seung-yoon ( transliteration ) of south korea 's dongguk university 's north korean department said , " it seems that the extent of damage is so great that north korea has to reach out to the international community for help . "
japan says economic recovery supported by private consumption , different from the past
speaking after today 's g7 finance ministers ' meeting , japanese finance minister sadakazu tanigaki said japan 's economic recovery was different from the false starts of recent years because booming private consumption was now helping to sustain the momentum .
finance ministers from the g7 industrialized countries held a meeting ahead of the international monetary fund and world bank 's spring executive council meeting . following the meeting sadakazu tanigaki told reporters : " the japanese economy last year achieved real growth of 2.7 percent and at present is showing a positive growth trend . "
" this recovery is different from conventional ones , " he said .
japan slipped into a long-term recession approximately a decade ago and , in the interim , has witnessed some false recoveries owing to export and business investments . "
" this time the recovery is being driven by private consumption , " he said .
japan is no longer the laggard of the seven industrialized countries . among them its economic growth rate was second only to the united states last year with the euro-zone countries now the most sluggish .
" at the meeting of the seven industrialized countries , participants have recognized that the global economy is continuing to strengthen , " sadakazu tanigaki said . the finance ministers of all the attending countries also agreed that " every country should make further efforts . "
he said that among these efforts was addressing the " current account imbalance " , the broadest measure of trade .
the united states is running a massive current account deficit while other countries , particularly in asia , are running huge surpluses .
us treasury secretary john snow said he commends japan on its performance as the world 's second-biggest economy . " it is showing strong signs of growth , and sustainable growth as well . "
us commanders face difficulties in recruitment to increase troops in iraq
experts said that us commanders are under mounting pressure to increase troop strength in iraq , but that the us army and its reserves are already stretched .
the us defense department had previously decided to extend the stay of 20,000 soldiers in iraq by 90 days and proposes to find new troops to keep deployments in iraq at 135,000 should the military deem it necessary .
with the us military death toll mounting and pictures of coffins starting to appear on the front pages of us newspapers , general abizaid , head of central command in charge of the campaigns in iraq and afghanistan , has given the clearest signal so far that he would ask for more troops .
speaking in an interview with the new york times , abizaid said that he expected the security situation in iraq to worsen ahead of the transfer of power between the coalition forces and the iraq interim government on june 30th .
he told the times : " if the situation remains like this , i will certainly ask that those forces be replaced .
we must make sure that we have the right forces in place to do the job that needs to be done . "
he pointed out that he would likely ask for more than 135,000 us soldiers if more countries followed the lead of spain , honduras , and the dominican republic and withdrew their troops from the coalition in iraq .
in fact , all us combat troops are now deployed in iraq and afghanistan . us deputy defense secretary wolfowitz admitted to congress last week that the united states would have to " dig deep " to find more troops .
journal of einstein 's last girlfriend to be published next month
the new york times reported today that einstein 's last girlfriend , fantova , had the honor of helping to cut the legendary physicist 's stiff white hair . her private journal also details the attitudes and shortcomings of the celebrity , 22 years her senior .
fantova was a curator of maps in princeton university 's firestone library . researchers found the manuscript , typewritten in german , in her personnel file .
researchers were originally working on an article about the poems einstein had written to her and were trying to find out items from her personal history to enrich the article .
fantova 's diary is expected to be published next month in the princeton university library journal . calaprice , a former editor of the princeton university press , wrote in an article introducing the diary that " unless there is a similar discover in the future , the firestone library manuscript is the only diary that anyone close to einstein has kept , at least of the final period of his life . "
the report said that " einstein had compared himself to an old car that had numerous problems . he complained about his bad memory and frequent visitors . sometimes when there were many visitors , he would pretend to be sick in bed so that he would not have to pose for the photographs . "
" however , fantova has not described einstein as a dirty man , who had bad memory , disliked wearing socks and wandered around in his own world , but as a keen and occasionally acerbic follower of current events , who lectured her to pay attention to the news . "
einstein died at the age of 76 in 1955 while fantova died in 1981 at an age of 80 .
rescuers : north korean blast site a scene of utter devastation
foreign rescuers reaching the site of the north korean train explosion said today that it was a scene of utter devastation and that about half of the 154 victims were children .
after seeing the blast site , world health organization staff member sorensen said that the blast 's power had destroyed the nearby buildings . not only had all buildings in a 500 meter radius of the blast site been totally razed but all windows in a 10-kilometer radius had been blown out as well . " there is no doubt that the blast has caused substantial damage . within 400 to 500 meters from the blast site , we saw buildings either totally destroyed or seriously damaged . "
sorensen said so far only five people had been reported missing instead of the reports that hundreds of people were missing . " all the people are accounted for , except five . but half of the 150 victims are children . "
sorensen also said , " the fire caused by the blast was not big . most people were killed because of being stranded in the buildings or from falling out of houses . "
a three-story agricultural school was located 100 meters from the blast site , while a primary school , also three stories high , was 300 meters away .
" the accident occurred when the primary school was just ending for the day and many students were about to return home . some others , who were still in school , were stranded , " sorensen said .
according to a report from the xinhua news agency , the roof of the primary school collapsed during the explosion , killing many students .
so far , china and south korea have offered north korea over one-million dollars of emergency aid while australia , the united states and the european union have also offered assistance .
north korea 's red cross association said that the blast had destroyed about 129 public buildings and more than 8,000 private houses were totally razed or partly destroyed . large-scale rebuilding is certainly needed in the area .
french far-right leader le pen visits britain crowds throw eggs in protest
french far-right national front ( fn ) leader le pen began his visit to britain today , making remarks in manchester in support of the ideologically similar british national party ( bnp ) . he was met with crowds of people throwing eggs in protest . some people even hurled rubbish bins at his car as he left the press conference .
according to a british press association report , le pen , seeking to shake off the protestors , was finally able to slip inside his vehicle to extradite himself from the embarrassing situation with the protection of police and private security personnel .
the bnp had originally planned to organize a dinner party in honor of le pen in britain 's second largest city , birmingham , but after hundreds of people shouted " bnp out ! nazis out ! " , it was forced to switch the dinner party at the last minute to wales . the party was held under heavy police guard .
bnp , which is gearing up for june elections for the european parliament and local councils , shares the anti-immigration stance of the fn party led by le pen .
speaking at a press conference with bnp leader griffin , le pen said , " i came to manchester today to be on their side and support the various candidates . "
" i hope that candidates from the bnp will be elected and that we will be able to create a very strong nationalist movement within the european parliament . "
speaking in an interview with bbc earlier in the day , british home secretary blunkett said he would have preferred that le pen had not come to britain this weekend , and that the bnp did not exist at all . " it 's extraordinary that a fascist right-wing party should be inviting a foreigner to come and support it . "
" if he represents himself , then he 's free to come and go as any other citizen in europe . if he incites or causes public disorder , then the police will act immediately , and i will give the police any assistance they need , " he added .
us cautious in allowing chalabi to enter new iraqi government
iraqi governing council member chalabi sought to defuse reports that he would be sidelined in the interim government , which was to take the political power in iraq on june 30 .
chalabi has been a long-time us ally , but there have been mounting concerns about him in washington .
speaking on the " fox news sunday " television program , us representative shays said , " we should be very careful with this man . i think he 's partly the solution and a significant part of the problem . he 's not trusted in iraq , and yet he 's a member of the government . "
senator lugar has also echoed that concern , saying in retrospect the united states probably should not have given chalabi responsibility for dismantling the iraqi army .
top un envoy to iraq , brahimi , last week laid out his proposals for a caretaker iraqi government .
he told abc tv network that not all the members of the iraqi governing council should serve on key posts in the new government , and that no member of the interim government should play a part in politics after the country holds its first post-war elections in january .
" my personal view at this moment is that people who have political parties and are leaders of their parties can all make efforts to win the election , " brahimi said .
he stressed that iraq would have a truly representative government only after elections scheduled for next january , which he has described as the most important milestone in post-war iraq .
chalabi said today that neither us nor un officials had told him whether he would continue to serve in the new government . he also dismissed brahimi as an outsider who could not bring together iraq 's rival politicians for reconciliation .
ruling party losing ground in india 's third phase of elections
voting in the crucial third phase of india 's parliamentary elections was held on the 26th , with about 100-million voters casting their ballots .
exit polls showed the ruling bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) led by prime minister vajpayee losing ground in some of the 11 states over this stage .
spokesman of the election commission , jha , said that in the third stage there were 137 constituencies with 1,278 candidates and 172-million voters . voter turnout rate was around 55 to 60 percent .
television exit polls showed bjp performing disappointingly in some of the 11 states in the third stage , especially in the strategic northern state ( uttar pradesh ) .
as a result , bjp is likely to lose its parliamentary majority .
the polls also showed that the main opposition national congress party had won much fewer votes than the bjp .
if the trends hold true for the next two rounds of voting , india could see a big and complex coalition government that would face difficulty in ruling for the five-year term to come .
all major parties have tried to block the broadcast of exit poll results , fearing they could have some influence on voters in the final two rounds of voting .
police said a total of 10 people were killed and 43 others injured in today 's election violence across india .
a polling station in kashmir was attacked , leaving 7 people injured .
the indian parliamentary election will last for three weeks in five stages . voting ended in the first three stages on 20th , 22nd and today . the final two stages will be held on may 5th and 10th .
the election result will be announced on may 13th .
dental x-ray examinations during pregnancy may lead to low-birth weights
according to a study released today , women who have dental x-rays during pregnancy are three times as likely to have a low-birth-weight baby as mothers-to-be who are not exposed to this type of radiation .
mothers-to-be have long been discouraged from receiving medical x-rays because of the risk to the fetus and the reproductive organs , but low dose radiation to the neck and head was thought to be safe .
however , us researchers who studied the medical and dental records of 4,500 women have found a strong link between a mother-to-be 's exposure to dental radiation , even at very low doses , and an underweight baby .
low-birth weight is defined as a baby , born after the 37th week , who weighs below 2.5 kg . babies below 2.5 kg are at risk for a variety of physical and mental development problems .
hujoel , the author of the study and a professor of dental health sciences at the university of washington said , " we do n't know whether radiation affects neurohormonal mechanisms in the head and neck region , such as thyroid function , or whether factors unrelated to x-rays are to blame . "
hujoel pointed out in the study that dental radiation could interfere with the function of the thyroid , the hypothalamus , the pituitary gland , or some combination of the three .
he speculated that the thyroid was the most likely candidate , pointing to evidence linking low-dose radiation and a dysfunctional thyroid on one hand , and a dysfunctional thyroid and delayed neural development in the fetus on the other .
but regardless of this , hujoel suggested that if further research confirms a cause-and-effect relationship between low-dose radiation and low birth-weight , eliminating routine dental x-rays could reduce the prevalence of term low-weight babies by up to 5% .
the study was based on a sample of 4,500 women who gave birth between january 1 , 1993 and december 31 , 2001 .
kadhafi urges world to follow his footsteps for world peace
libyan leader kadhafi arrived in the belgian capital of brussels today to begin his first trip to europe in 15 years .
he said with pride that libya had " taken the lead " in promoting world peace by giving up its weapons of mass destruction . he also urged other countries including the united states and china to follow libya 's lead .
kadhafi said in a press conference that libya " has decided to lead the global peace movement " .
" libya has become an example to be followed by other countries , " he said .
kadhafi , clad in a brown robe and flanked by four female bodyguards , came here for a visit .
he said that tripoli and other nations faced common enemies and stressed that now is the time for reconciliation .
" we need peace , stability and development .
we are facing new challenges that are different from the past . now we have common enemies , " he said .
meeting with kadhafi , european commission president prodi said that the eu expected to restore formal diplomatic ties with libya as quickly as possible .
kadhafi later met separately with eu foreign affairs chief solana and belgian prime minister verhofstadt .
he will also meet political and business leaders in belgium before visiting the belgian parliament .
libya has in the past year tried to end its isolation , first by agreeing to compensate the families of passengers killed in two air bombings and then by announcing last december it was giving up its program to develop unconventional and nuclear weapons .
its actions have earned it a lifting of un economic sanctions and put it back on the path towards international acceptability .
many supporters and protesters gathered outside the eu headquarters after kadhafi arrived .
a protesting banner , hundreds of meters away , read that kadhafi was " a wolf in sheep 's clothing " .
north korean train blast relief efforts at risk of draining food aid stocks
the un world food program warned that the relief effort for refugees hit by the train blast in north korea was likely to deplete the limited food stocks meant to feed 6.5 million other desperate people . pyongyang also announced that the disaster had caused a loss of about 300-million euros ( 356-million us dollars ) .
the world food program said that tens of thousands of people had been affected by the explosion that killed at least 150 in north korea 's ryongchon prefecture . the organization would launch an appeal for donations of 1-million us dollars to provide 1,000 tons of emergency food aid to the refugees .
" we will in the short-term meet the emergency food aid needs of these people through the existing stocks , " said banbury , the organization 's regional director for asia
however , these stocks are meant for other north koreans who are also suffering in this impoverished country , such as children , pregnant and nursing women , and the elderly .
banbury said , " we do n't want to deprive them of emergency food aid assistance in order to help the victims of the blast .
although we can shift some stocks , we need to replace those stocks as soon as possible , and we have a very limited supply of food now in north korea . "
world food program spokeswoman berthiaume told a press conference at the un european headquarters in geneva that the newly-launched donation activities would provide enough food for 7,000 people for 30 days .
she said that since the end of last week the organization had offered 7 tons of food to the refugees , who were mainly injured children in various hospitals in the disaster area .
damascus tightens security following shootout
security has been tightened following a gun battle in the diplomatic quarter of the syrian capital of damascus .
two militants , one policeman and a female passer-by were killed in the shootout .
this was the first bloodshed in damascus for 8 years as the region witnesses heightened tension over the iraq conflict and the us-led war on islamic militants .
damascus is an arab capital that pays great attention to its security .
a building in the mazzeh district of damascus that formerly housed un offices was set ablaze and its windows shattered in tuesday night 's attack .
the attack triggered a one-hour gunfight between militants and security forces .
security agents were posted outside the charred four-storey building on wednesday , as several people patrolled in apartments on the top floor .
the state news agency said today that the authorities had uncovered some arms and explosives that belonged to the unknown " terrorist group " which launched the attack .
the weapons were discovered not far south of damascus .
syria 's interior ministry said that a bomb attack followed the shootout but it has not identified the attackers or their motives .
the interior ministry said two other attackers were seriously wounded .
the mazzeh district is home to the embassies of several western and middle eastern countries , including those of canada , britain , iran and saudi arabia .
canada said its embassy had sustained minor damage .
two more sars cases reported in beijing , spread of outbreak to other countries feared .
two more severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) cases were confirmed in beijing today . experts from the world health organization have met chinese disease control officials amid concerns the deadly virus could cross china 's borders .
the ministry of health said that the two patients had earlier been listed as suspect cases with one in critical condition .
three confirmed sars cases have been reported in beijing while another case has also been confirmed in anhui province .
there are also five suspected cases , four in beijing and one in anhui .
the latest two confirmed cases are the mother and aunt of beijing 's first confirmed case from its latest outbreak , a nurse surnamed li .
the epidemic situation had worsened on the chinese mainland when who experts met with officials from china 's disease prevention and control center in beijing .
who spokesman dietz told reporters that the who had called up 14 experts from australia , britain , ireland , japan and the us to stop the outbreak . they originally planned to interview one of the confirmed cases wednesday " but he was too ill " .
all the cases are linked to the beijing-based morphology laboratory of the institute of virology prevention and control under china 's disease prevention and control center , which is the key focus of the who investigation .
the who is also seeking information on the 18 foreigners who visited the laboratory since march 1 .
there have been fears that the disease could once again spread to other countries .
american public 's support for war in iraq down
a joint poll by the new york times and cbs news shows that the american public 's support for the us-led war in iraq has declined substantially over the past month . support for president bush 's handling of the occupation in iraq has also eroded .
asked whether the united states had done the right thing in taking military action against iraq , 47% of respondents said it had , down from 58% a month earlier and 63% in last december .
forty-six percent said the united states should n't have interfered in the issue of iraq , up from 37 % last month .
fifty-eight percent said the results of the war in iraq were not worth the loss of american lives , up from 54% a month ago .
thirty-three percent said the results were worth it , down from 37% last month .
however , people were evenly split , 46-46 percent , on whether us troops should stay until iraq is stabilized or should pull out as soon as possible .
bush 's approval rating for his handling of the iraqi occupation has dropped to 41% from 49 percent last month and 59% in last december .
bush 's overall approval rating has dropped to 46% , the lowest of his entire presidency and three percentage points lower than last month .
bush 's support rating was 89% after the september 11 attacks and 71% at the beginning of the war against iraq .
north korean defectors : train blast may have been attempt to assassinate kim jong-il
several north korean defectors said today that the north korean train blast accident of the 22nd might be linked to a plot to assassinate north korean leader kim jong-il .
the 20 defectors , who escaped from north korea to south korea and then flew to the us through the help of the " north korean freedom coalition " , gathered in washington today to celebrate the annual " north korean freedom day " .
one of the defectors , 71-year-old kim yong sung , said through an interpreter that the train accident could have been an attempt to murder north korea 's top leader . " some terrorists and rebellious groups might want to kill kim jong-il . "
another defector , an hyuk , said it was common for train accidents to occur when kim traveled . " whenever kim jong-il visits anywhere domestically , all the other trains stop to let his train go first . and only kim 's train will go all the way to the destination without a stop . "
" only after kim jong-il 's train has passed are other trains allowed to continue their journey . because of these complications , whenever kim goes somewhere a lot of trains collide or other accidents occur . "
the train blast accident of the 22nd occurred near north korea 's border with china killing at least 161 people and injuring 1300 others .
kim jong-il 's train happened to have just passed when the blast occurred .
citing security reasons , and his fear of flying , kim prefers to travel by train when going abroad . his visit to moscow in 2001 was no exception .
macedonia 's electoral commission : prime minister crvenkovski wins presidential run-off
macedonia 's electoral commission said today that the incumbent prime minister crvenkovski had defeated his rival kedev to win 62% of the votes in the presidential run-off election and to become macedonia 's new president .
however , kedev accused crvenkovski of rigging the polls as the latter announced his electoral victory .
according to macedonia 's electoral commission , the turnout of voters was 53.39 percent . crvenkovski received 62.66% of the vote , while kedev received 37.34% .
earlier in the day , both crvenkovski 's social democratic alliance of macedonia ( sdsm ) and the non-governmental observers group " most " declared the current prime minister as the winner and noted that turnout was above the 50-percent threshold required for the election to be declared valid .
if the election result is confirmed by official statistics , then crvenkovski will succeed former president trajkovski , who was killed in a plane crash in february .
but another candidate , kedev , and his internal macedonian revolutionary organization-democratic party of macedonian national unity ( vmro-dpmne ) have alleged that the polls had been " rigged , " and warned that they would not accept a " self-proclaimed president " .
" we will present proof of electoral fraud , " kedev told reporters at the party 's headquarters .
" the game is not over yet and we will not recognize the self-proclaimed president of macedonia . "
the vmro-dpmne party has 48 hours to file an official complaint to the electoral commission .
in spite of his rival 's accusation of poll rigging , crvenkovski told supporters that had gathered at the party 's headquarters for celebration " macedonia has passed another test of democracy today . " he told his supporters " there are no winners or losers in macedonia today . the defeated are those who have called for a boycott of the vote . "
cbs broadcasts images of us troops mistreating iraqi prisoners
the american cbs television network has broadcast horrible images of us troops mistreating iraqi prisoners , saying an army investigation had found " systematic " problems in the handling of captured iraqis .
general kimmitt , deputy chief of us military operations in iraq , said that six us soldiers are being court-martialed on charges of abusing prisoners after an investigation was conducted by the military at abu gharaib prison .
abu gharaib is infamous as a prison where former iraqi dictator hussein tortured and executed his opponents .
photographs aired by cbs television network 's " 60 minutes " included one showing a prisoner standing on a box with a hood over his head and wires coming from his hands .
cbs television network said that he was told he would be electrocuted to death if he fell off .
other pictures showed nude prisoners lying on each other and simulating oral sex as us troops pointed and laughed .
" we 're shocked . these are our fellow soldiers , these are the people we work with every day , they represent us , they wear the same uniform as us , and they let their fellow soldiers down , " general kimmitt told cbs in an interview from baghdad .
" we expect our soldiers to be treated well by the enemy , and if we ca n't set an example of how to treat people with dignity and respect , we ca n't ask other nations do the same to our soldiers , " he said .
us mulls establishment of 75,000-strong international peacekeeping force
two senior officials of us president bush administration said today that us officials are mulling plans to create a 75,000-member international peacekeeping force to intervene in trouble spots around the world .
" we are planning to set up a 75,000-strong force starting in africa for training people to be available for peacekeeping , " deputy secretary of state armitage told the house appropriations subcommittee on foreign operations
testifying to the subcommittee , armitage placed the cost of the program at " about 100-million dollars the first year and 660-million dollars over the five-year life of this program " . the initial plan has the us defense department financing 80 percent of the costs with the other 20 percent to be covered by the state department .
deputy defense secretary wolfowitz told the subcommittee that the force could intervene in countries such as sudan as well as other hot spots in the world .
the civil war in sudan has displaced tens of thousands of people .
" the plan is designed to train other countries ' forces , so that when peacekeeping requirements come up , as they did recently in liberia or as we 're facing one in haiti today , there are more capable foreign forces to draw so that we 're not constantly turning to our military for tasks that could be performed by others , " wolfowitz said
he stressed that the plan was aimed at safeguarding peace and would not involve " the kind of combat that our forces can do and do very well " .
countdown begins for eu 's may 1st eastward expansion .
after years of arduous preparation , the european union is currently set to welcome 10 ex-communist nations to join the bloc . the organization 's most historic and decisive expansion will take place in just a few hours .
at the stroke of midnight saturday central european time , the eu will expand to new territories never before included since the organizations ' founding 50 years ago .
the organization was born out of the trauma of world war ii as a force to promote the peaceful partnership of its member countries .
the 10 countries of cyprus , the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia will join the bloc swelling the ranks of the eu family to 25 countries with a population of 450-million , third only to the chinese mainland and india .
nearly six years have passed since the 10 nations began the entry negotiations . they have now succeeded in bringing 80,000 pages of eu laws to the codes of the various countries through a long legislative procedure .
european commission chairman prodi hailed saturday as an " astonishing " climax to the process of re-uniting europe 15 years after the berlin wall came crashing down , dragging with it the soviet bloc .
" five decades after our great project of european integration began , the divisions of the cold war are gone , once and for all , " said prodi on thursday .
" the european people are celebrating the fact that they are no longer kept apart by ideological barriers , " he said .
" we share the same destiny and we are stronger when we act together . "
the eu 's eastward expansion will climax at midnight on friday with celebrations across the continent , including a huge " day of welcoming " celebration in the irish republic , which is currently hosting eu 's rotating presidency .
china sees two labor day coal mine accidents , 35 miners killed 16 missing
thirty-five miners were reported killed today and another 16 missing in two coal mine accidents in northern china . the accident occurred on international labor day and underscores the dismal plight of mine workers on the mainland .
the two accidents came as china pledged to improve workers ' rights and as a hong kong-based labor rights group warned that a lack of independent workers ' organizations was contributing to the appalling safety record in china .
according to officials and press reports , a gas explosion ripped through the liangjiahe coal mine in shanxi province yesterday , leaving 35 dead and one missing . in a separate incident in neighboring inner mongolia , 15 minors were feared dead after a flood in an illegal mine .
a spokesman for the shanxi coal mining safety inspection bureau said that shanxi governor zhang baoshun had cancelled his holiday and arrived at the scene to oversee rescue operations and the investigation into the gas explosion at the liangjiahe state-owned mine near linfen city .
it is said that before the blast the mine had intended to work through the labor day holiday to avoid costly safety procedures .
" under ordinary circumstances , coal mines must work continuously . if they stop working , then they need to go through all the safety inspections again and this is very troublesome , " the spokesman said .
according to officials from inner mongolia , a flood occurred at the xinyuan coal mine in wuhai city of inner mongolia . hopes of rescuing the stranded 15 miners were also fading as water levels in the mine shaft rose above the level where the miners were working .
xinhua news agency reported that the xinyuan coal mine had been closed down on april 28 for safety reasons and was operating illegally at the time of the flood .
terrorist attack on saudi oil port kills six injures three
western and saudi arabian information sources revealed that five western engineers and a local resident were killed in a shootout by gunmen in the red sea port city of yanbu in saudi arabia .
three others were injured .
the shootout killed two american , two british and one australian engineers and was yet another bloodshed following april 's suicide bombing attack in riyadh .
on the 21st last month , five people were killed and 145 others injured in a suicide car bombing attack on a security forces ' building in riyadh .
a saudi national army soldier was also killed in the shootout . however , four attackers were killed during the military and police 's ensuing manhunt .
five western engineers , all employed by the swiss-swedish engineering and oil services firm abb , were attacked when they were working in an oil refinery run by us energy giant exxon mobil and a saudi state-owned oil company .
a statement by the saudi interior ministry said that four gunmen had opened fire at the oil facility contractors in yanbu of saudi arabia , killing two americans , two britons and an australian , and wounding three other foreigners , including one american , one canadian and a pakistani .
the statement said that after the oil refinery attack , the gunmen fled to a neighboring residential area in an attempt to launch further attacks . the patrolling army and police forces exchanged fire with the gunmen when hunting down them upon learning the attack . three gunmen were killed and another died of serious wounds in the hospital . the saudi national army and security police suffered one death and 18 injuries .
siberian forests falling to large-scale illegal logging
ecologists say that illegal logging and controversial business plans have plunged siberia 's scenic krasnoyarsk region into crisis . the area is russia 's prime forestry area and is vital in countering the country 's massive air pollution .
chekhov wrote in the 1890s that " from krasnoyarsk to irkutsk , the taiga stretches without limit .
does it have an end ? when you are on the top of a mountain , you see mountains all around . . . and all is covered by a dense forest .
it gives you shivers . "
however , chekhov 's days are already gone
now the sight is different . illegal logging and arson empty the sea of trees .
shvarts of the world wildlife fund said , " in russia , up to 30 percent of tree logging is illegal .
depending on the region , the wood then goes to northern european countries or china . "
" they do it quickly , " kuzmina , deputy director of krasnoyarsk 's forest protection center , lamented .
" a team of five or six people take a big truck , cut a large area and send the wood to china . it makes a good profit . "
she added that there were 2,000 fires last year alone ( most of them due to arson ) . the siberian bombyx parasite has also devastated entire swaths of the forest .
russia , 80% of whose massive territory is covered by forests , nets 4.5-billion us dollars ( 3.8-billion euros ) annually from wood exports .
there would be more profits if it could refine wood at home rather than ship the raw material abroad .
kerry spends to launch unprecedented tv election campaign
some us democrats have criticized senator kerry of waging a lackluster presidential campaign . in response kerry has launched an " unprecedented " media blitz to sharpen his image and counter republican charges he is weak and shifty .
kerry 's organization will roll out two-60-second biographical television advertisements , which will run for three weeks in 19 battleground states key to the november 2 presidential election .
kerry 's strategist devine said on the 3rd that the 25-million dollar television buy was " the most ambitious media campaign in the history of presidential politics . it 's unprecedented for a challenger to launch a campaign like this . "
the tv ads show images of kerry as a decorated soldier in vietnam , as a prosecutor and us senator , and also feature his daughter , wife and two combat comrades testifying to his ability to make life-saving decisions .
the drive comes with some democrats grumbling that kerry , running neck and neck with bush , has failed to define his candidacy adequately and capitalize on weeks of bad news for the president , notably in iraq .
it also comes amid reported criticism that the kerry organization has been slow to get off the ground in some crucial states , has excluded minorities from its inner circle and has failed to reach out to key groups such as hispanics .
us to maintain 135,000 strong force in iraq
senior defense officials from washington said today that the united states would keep its troop strength in iraq at about 135,000 for the foreseeable future to shore up a us-led occupation jolted by mounting casualties and a widening prisoner abuse scandal in iraq .
washington had earlier planned to shrink the size of the force in iraq to between 105,000 and 115,000 troops but has had to rethink the issue in face of iraqis ' obstinate resistance in fallujah and other cities in central and southern iraq .
to deal with continuing combat operations , the pentagon in april extended the tours of 20,000 troops from the 1st armored division and the 2nd armored cavalry regiment for at least three months . these troops will leave iraq to go back home after being replaced with fresh units at the end of their extended tours to help the coalition to deal with insurgencies on two fronts .
the decision is a new sign of growing us concern over the situation in iraq .
currently , us officials are preparing to resume iraq 's self-rule on the deadline of june 30th while lessening the hurt caused by reports of iraqi prisoner abuse .
seven us officers have been punished on charges of mistreating prisoners . six prison guards have also been indicted on the same charge . new reports say there have been widespread prisoner abuse at abu gharaib prison in western baghdad . the pentagon has been put in a position of mere defense .
however , us president bush has expressed the belief that the us army will take the right actions after the exposure of the incident .
voting begins in fourth phase of indian election , vajpayee confident of electoral victory
voting started in the penultimate leg of the country 's marathon five-phase general election with indian prime minister vajpayee predicting victory for his ruling coalition in the tense election campaign .
seventy-nine-year-old vajpayee was one of the 107-million eligible voters in this phase .
he cast his ballot by pressing a button on a electronic voting machine in lucknow , part of hindi-speaking northern india where his bharatiya janata party hopes to make its strongest showing .
" we should get 272 seats very comfortably . i am confident about that , " vajpayee said , referring to the required parliamentary majority .
prime ministerial aide mahajan predicted that vajpayee would defeat challenger jethmalani by a margin wider than that of the last election . jethmalani was a left-wing lawyer who took part in vajpayee 's kashmir peace plan .
vajpayee defeated his closest rival by 118,000 votes in the last election in 1999 .
although several exit polls showed that vajpayee was leading by a large margin in lucknow , exit polls in the previous three phases showed that the main opposition congress party was narrowing the gap in voting .
vajpayee , who is holding an early election , has placed hopes on the farm harvest and the peace plan with pakistan to win another five-year-term for the ruling coalition .
voting for the last round of the fifth phase will he held on may 10 and the election results are expected to be announced three days later .
who : global diabetes death rate 3 times higher than previous calculations
today brought two pieces of bad news for sufferers of diabetes .
one is that the world health organization says the death rate of diabetes is 3 times higher than previous calculations .
the other is that the cure , which had had great hopes placed on it , most likely has no effectiveness . .
the geneva-based world health organization says approximately 3.2-million deaths can be attributed to diabetes each year , 3 times higher than previous estimates .
the world health organization and the international diabetes federation have warned that at least 171-million people around the world are suffering from diabetes but that the figure could be doubled by 2030 .
the world health organization and the international diabetes federation have launched a program in poor countries to raise the awareness of diabetes .
" diabetes is a major threat to global health . it is rapidly getting worse , " who assistant-director general , camus , said .
" the biggest impact is on working-age adults in developing countries . "
" in most developing countries , at least one in ten deaths in adults aged 35 to 64 is attributable to diabetes , " she said .
" in some countries , the figure is as high as one in five . "
unfortunately , a study released by harvard university today shows the outlook has darkened for fixing " type 1 " diabetes , the severest form , by using adult stem cells as a transplant source because the research has found that patients ' destroyed beta-cells are produced from existing beta-cells , not from adult stem cells .
greenspan : us consumers and businesses able to withstand interest rate hike
us federal reserve chairman greenspan said that us consumers and businesses are financially fit enough to withstand a rise in interest rates .
on tuesday ( the 4th ) , greenspan and members of the federal reserve 's open market committee indicated that the days for rock-bottom rates were numbered . for the past ten months , the us current federal funds interest rate has been maintained at a rate of 1% , the lowest since 1958 .
a statement issued after the federal reserve 's policy-making meeting said that rates could eventually rise at a " cautious " pace .
private economists widely expect the rate increase to come this summer , with a decision possibly as early as at the june 29 to june 30 meeting of the open market committee .
greenspan told a chicago banking conference via satellite from washington that the impact of interest rate hike should not be too much of a shock . the admission was seen as a way to strengthen the markets in preparation for a possible change in the interest rate .
greenspan said that the sizzling housing market in the us was unlikely to crash . much household debt was secured on fixed interest rates , and businesses had strengthened their balance sheets .
some analysts have suggested that an extended period of low interest rates is inflating a us housing price bubble , which will " implode " at some point , forcing homeowners to sharply curtail spending .
however , greenspan said although housing prices had gone up faster than rents , suggesting a possible " price misalignment " in some markets , an implosion seemed unlikely .
nepali prime minister thapa announces resignation in attempt to defuse political crisis
nepal 's royal-appointed prime minister thapa announced today that he had resigned " in the interests of the nation " to try to defuse a mounting crisis over the country 's political future .
thapa 's resignation follows large-scale opposition-led street protests demanding restoration of democratic rule .
king gyanendra dismissed the elected government in october 2002 and installed an administration made up of royal appointees .
in a speech to the nation broadcast on state-run radio and television , thapa said , " for the past 11 months i 've tried my best to forge a national reconciliation but due to the stubborn stance taken by the protesting parties , it has not been possible to create a consensus . "
" clashes and controversy have intensified and all these have threatened to jeopardize the constitution , democracy and the national interests , " thapa said .
state-run media reported that king gyanendra had accepted thapa 's resignation but had asked him to stay on as caretaker prime minister until he could be replaced .
thapa 's resignation had been one of the opposition 's main demands .
king gyanendra fired the elected government in october 2002 , accusing it of incompetence in crushing an increasingly deadly maoist revolt , and installed an administration made up of royal appointees , which had triggered increasing political crisis in nepal .
tensions escalated early last month with thousands of protesters staging daily demonstrations calling for replacing the royalist administration with a multi-party government and holding elections .
thapa took over as prime minister last june from chand , who was named prime minister in 2002 .
both thapa and chand are members of the rightist national democratic party .
bush 's doubts on palestinian statehood timetable draws opposite israeli and palestinian reactions
in an exclusive interview with egyptian official media , us president bush openly cast his doubts on a 2005 target date for a palestinian state . palestinians reacted angrily at bush 's stance while the israelis sized upon bush 's questioning of the timing of the middle east peace road map to publicize their own views .
palestinian negotiations minister erekat accused bush of effectively undermining the middle east peace roadmap unveiled amid great fanfare last june .
the roadmap was collectively drawn by the european union , russia , the united nations and the united states .
" president bush 's position removes any substance from the roadmap by calling into question the timetable for its implementation , which is an essential element of the roadmap , " erekat told the afp .
" in this way , bush is meeting the demands of ( israeli prime minister ) sharon . sharon and israel have always violated the rules of the game and obtained the backing of the americans , " erekat added .
bush 's comments in an interview published today by the cairo daily al-ahram undercut the impact on arab opinion of his administration 's announcement of its intention to renew contacts with the palestinians in coming weeks .
bush told the official al-ahram daily , " 2005 may be hard , since 2005 is right around the corner .
i think the timetable of 2005 is n't as realistic as it was two years ago . "
israel welcomed the comments and went a step further by ruling out any possibility of palestinian statehood next year .
" the target date of 2005 has become impossible because we are still at the starting point of the roadmap as a result of the palestinian authority 's refusal to combat terrorism , " said shoval , sharon 's foreign policy adviser .
" under these conditions , it 's clear that the 2005 target date is no longer realistic . "
us economists worried about china effect
in a sign of the growing economic importance of china , a chorus of warnings is coming from us experts about the impact of what is seen as an impending slowdown in the asian economic engine .
china 's economic power has not escaped the attention of us policymakers either . us officials said last month they hoped that china could participate in group of seven consultations .
private economists are warning that the likely cooling of china 's red-hot economy will have important global implications .
" while china 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) represented only four percent of the world gdp last year , it accounted for fully 13 percent of the world 's growth , " lehman brothers economists subbaraman and llewellyn said in a research report .
" china 's importance in world industrial output is even greater : while gradually becoming the world 's manufacturer , it consumes between 20 and 40 percent of many major raw materials . "
" the global impacts of the coming slowdown in china can not be taken lightly . when today 's chinese economy sneezes , asia and possibly even the rest of the world could catch a cold , " morgan stanley chief economist roach also pointed out .
the chinese government late last month ordered that no approvals for new steel , aluminum and cement projects be made this year in a bid to halt " haphazard " and " redundant " investments .
to cool the economy , the state council has issued a circular to call for a nationwide examination of nearly all investment projects including commercial offices , golf courses and shopping malls .
chinese premier wen jiabao acknowledged recently that china 's booming economy was at risk of overheating , but stressed his government was taking action to ensure a " soft landing . "
however , despite this , the question of a slowdown of china 's trade has still drawn concerns from the united states . us treasury under secretary for international affairs taylor will travel to china this month for consultations regarding this issue .
dalai lama suggests tibet issue easier for china to solve than taiwan issue
the dalai lama , tibet 's exiled leader , said today in france that tibet 's quest for self-rule fully conformed to the spirit of china 's constitution and the intermediate plan proposed by him could help china to sustain a smooth development .
the dalai lama pointed out that " for china , it 's easier to resolve the problem of tibet than that of taiwan . "
dalai told the press through an interpreter that his intermediate roadmap for resolution was to have a fully self-ruled tibet within china , which was allowed by the chinese constitution .
" the chinese authority should express its confidence towards my sincere proposal , " dalai said .
dalai said he was trying his best to establish a relationship of confidence with the chinese authorities .
" china is changing , and my suggestion fully accords with the interest of china 's stable development , " he added .
dalai pointed out that intellectuals from china 's think-tanks also saw his intermediate roadmap as a pragmatic solution . he added that it was easier for the chinese authority to solve the problem of tibet than that of taiwan .
tibet 's spiritual leader , the dalai lama today visited an exhibition featuring the theme of tibet in the small town of niort in the suburbs of paris . he also gave a speech on education .
the cooperation between the 76th niort exhibition and the association of children 's village of tibet is to let the french children know more about tibet .
during a series of activities from may 1st to 9th , the children 's village of tibet will show tibetan cultural works currently under protection abroad . other activities focus on tibet 's history and culture . discussion topics also include tibet 's political issues .
dalai 's visit is the climax of these activities .
us democrats accuse bush of not doing enough to remedy prisoner abuse
retired general clark , who is campaigning for the democratic nomination , today accused us president bush of not doing enough to stop the worsening of the prisoner abuse scandal by us soldiers .
he warned that the iraq mission was " a mission of deep trouble . "
" this week , the entire world was shocked and angry , and the position of america 's moral leadership was damaged because of the terrible pictures of a small number of our us military personal abusing iraqi prisoners , " clark said , responding on behalf of the democrats to bush 's weekly radio address .
" president bush apologized ; he 's recognized and stated that these acts were ' stains on our honor ' . and it 's right that he 's done so , " he said .
: " but apologies are not enough . these criminal acts of abuse must be investigated fully and those responsible must be held accountable under law . we must fix our training and procedures so this can not happen again , " said clark .
" amends must be made to iraqis who suffered these humiliations through real and symbolic gestures , such as the dismantling of abu ghraib prison . "
" these extremely important issues are the key of the us mission in iraq . so according to what we 've said , we are different , " he said .
" we came here to liberate iraq not to occupy , " said clark .
" we set them free not to imprison them .
with our character , we do n't torture , or maim , or coerce them . "
" and if the mission was endangered by the prospects of our use of heavy force against insurgents in fallujah and najaf �c and it was so endangered . it is no less endangered by the loss of credibility caused by the misconduct of a few american soldiers . "
" this is a mission in trouble , " clark concluded .
us adopts interrogation techniques including sleep deprivation in guantanamo prison
the washington post reported on its website today that the us government last year approved interrogation techniques for use at its detention facility in guantanamo bay , cuba , that permit reversing the normal sleep patterns of detainees and exposing them to heat , cold , loud music and bright lights .
the post has quoted unnamed defense officials as saying a classified list of about 20 techniques was approved at the highest levels of the pentagon and the justice department in april 2003 .
according to the report , the use of any of the techniques on the list requires the approval of senior pentagon officials and , in some cases , of the defense secretary .
the post quoted one of the officials as saying interrogators must justify that the harshest treatment is " militarily necessary . "
the report said once approved , the harsher treatment must be accompanied by " appropriate medical monitoring . "
the post quoted one of the lawyers involved in writing the guidelines as saying : " we wanted to find a legal way to jack up the pressure . " " we wanted a little more freedom than in a us prison , but not torture , " he said .
under the guidelines , some prisoners could be made to stand for four hours at a time . questioning a prisoner without clothes is permitted if he is alone in his cell , but any physical contact is banned .
according to the report , defense and intelligence officials said similar guidelines had been approved for use on " high-value detainees " in iraq . these include those suspected of terrorism or of having knowledge of insurgency operations .
the us central intelligence agency has its own guidelines for use in its detention centers .
top us military officers question strategy in iraq
some senior us military leaders today publicly questioned the once-vaunted us strategy in iraq , which brought a successful speedy invasion but now could leave the united states locked in bloody , years-long occupation without creating a democratic iraq .
in these rare public remarks criticizing the us strategy , top military leaders told the washington post that failing to win the support of iraqis and to stem a mounting insurgency meant the united states could win the military battles but still lose the war .
army major general swannack , commander of the 82nd airborne division , said the united states was winning on the tactical level .
but asked if he believed the united states was losing the war , he said , " i think strategically , we are . "
army colonel hughes , a top planner for the occupation of iraq , said the pattern of the iraq war was looking more and more like the vietnam war .
" unless we ensure that we have coherency in our policy , we will lose strategically , " he said .
" i lost my brother in the vietnam war so i told myself when i came on active duty , that i would do everything to prevent that from happening again , " hughes continued .
" but after 30 years passed , i think we will win every fight but will lose the war , because we do n't understand the war we 're in . "
other military leaders , speaking on condition of anonymity , said the united states should stay in iraq but replace the top officials responsible for crafting the strategy for iraq , starting with defense secretary rumsfeld and his deputy wolfowitz .
some military leaders have called for dramatically slashing the us military presence in iraq , making the occupation run more like afghanistan , and setting more realistic goals in iraq .
us assesses damage from prisoner abuse , call it diplomatic " pearl harbor "
two weeks after the exposure of the iraqi prisoner abuse scandal , officials are just beginning to assess its damage to us interests . some people have even begun calling it a diplomatic " pearl harbor . "
us president bush 's administration openly acknowledges that the scandal has been a disaster for its foreign policy and is bracing for a backlash at home .
the scandal is likely to trigger heavy repercussions in the presidential election campaign .
in fact , the photographs of naked and humiliated iraqi prisoners have unleashed a wave of revulsion and shame that is parallel to the disclosure of the 1968 massacre of hundreds of vietnamese civilians in the village of my lai .
senator ted kennedy lamented that for the middle east , " the symbol of america is not the statue of liberty , it 's the prisoner standing on a box wearing a dark cape and a dark hood on his head , with wires attached to his body . "
other congressmen said in a congressional hearing on the 7th that the exposed horrible images in the prison have endangered the coalition forces , the anti-terrorism war and the safety of overseas us troops and other americans .
" we should n't cheat ourselves . this is our political public pearl harbor , " said republican representative cole from oklahoma
us newspapers have also expressed worries about the tarnished us prestige .
" we are facing the danger that the us is losing its moral authority and its role of a stimulating tool in the world , " new york times ' columnist friedman said with anxiety .
australian mp flooded with hate mail following call for koala control
australian mp mrs . kanck has received abusive emails from around the world after calling for a cull of 20,000 koalas on kangaroo island to save them from slow death by starvation .
kanck , an australian democrats mp , said she had received dozens of angry and abusive hate mail , much of it from the united states , after her recent calls were reported on cnn television .
mrs . kanck said that americans are easily the most vitriolic in their attacks , using all types of swear words to call her , among other things , an assassin and a barbaric bitch . " but this type of abuse is nothing to me " because most of the accusations had a common theme : ignorance of the problems facing the local koala .
the koala live on a diet of gum leaves . their numbers have exploded from some 5,000 to 30,000 since 1996 .
kanck pointed out that koalas were an introduced species to kangaroo island , a wildlife sanctuary off the coast of south australia . due to an explosion of the koala 's numbers in recent years there were no longer enough gum leaves and several species of gum trees were facing the danger of extinction .
kanck said it was cruel to let these animals die from starvation and threaten the existence of the trees they lived on .
her calls have won the support from university of adelaide ecologist paton and the south australian nature conservation society but the state government is opposed to a cull to control the number largely because of the potential damage to the tourism industry .
dozens killed in iraqi clashes , us soldier faces trial on 19th for prisoner abuse
as seven people were killed in a bomb attack in baghdad and 19 followers of radical shiite cleric sadr were killed by us troops , us brigadier general kimmit announced today that a us soldier would face a public court martial scheduled for the 19th of this month in baghdad on the charge of prisoner abuse .
this will be the first court martial trial of a coalition forces ' soldier on the charge of abusing iraqi prisoners .
brigadier general kimmit said army specialist sivits had been transferred to a special military court .
according to a military legal source , if found guilty , sivits could be jailed , demoted or sacked from the army .
in iraq , it was another day of bloodshed . us forces killed 19 followers of radical shiite cleric sadr in four conflicts in the capital of baghdad .
in addition , 7 people were killed in a bombing attack on a market in baghdad .
kimmit said that during the conflicts , a total of 9 people , 3 iraqi policemen and 6 civilians , were killed and 17 others injured .
meanwhile , four civilians died in the city of basra in southern iraq when british troops responded to mortar fire from militia belonging to sadr 's mehdi army .
according to witnesses and hospital sources , a crowded vegetable market in western baghdad saw a bomb attack today , leaving two boys , aged four and 14 , and two policemen dead .
clashes continued throughout the day in baghdad and erupted in the afternoon in karbala and kufa in southern iraq . hospital sources said four iraqis were killed and 12 others injured in kufa .
exit polls predict arroyo as winner in filipino presidential election
a presidential election was held in the philippines on the 10th with exit polls released by the independent " social weather stations " showing that incumbent president arroyo was leading action movie star poe to win an overwhelming re-election .
exit poll results showed arroyo winning 41% of the vote to lead poe 's 32% .
according to the exit polls , former police chief lacson won 9% while reformist candidate roco and television evangelist villanueva each won 5% .
eight percent of those polled declined to give an answer .
social weather stations said 81.5 percent of the southeast asian nation 's 43-million voters cast their ballots .
social weather stations questioned 4,627 voters at the exits of polling stations . the margin of error was 1.5 percent .
the survey by social weather stations was the first credible exit poll since the ballot boxes closed yesterday .
social weather stations has accurately predicted previous elections in the philippines .
social weather stations predicted that arroyo had won 41% of the vote to lead poe 's 32% , which represents over three-million votes .
analysts said if the exit poll was confirmed to be accurate , arroyo would be authorized by a clear public opinion to rule a divided philippines as a result of the intense and bitter election race .
the official result is expected to be announced in one month .
daimlerchrysler and hyundai motor end alliance
us-german auto joint venture daimlerchrysler and its south korean partner hyundai motor issued a joint statement today announcing that they had agreed to end their troubled partnership .
daimlerchrysler will sell its entire 10.5% stake worth around 1-billion dollars in hyundai motor .
" both companies have agreed that successful cooperation on a per-project basis is also possible without a shareholding relationship , " they said in a statement issued in seoul and stuttgart .
" therefore , as part of the realignment of the alliance , daimlerchrysler has decided to sell its 10.5% stake in hyundai motor . "
in 2000 , daimlerchrysler bought the $ 400-million stake to forge a strategic alliance with hyundai motor . however , the two went into a dispute over a truck manufacturing joint venture project and several other projects in china , which has soured their partnership .
the two companies ' original plan had them cooperating on the production of business vehicles and engines , but disputes over their investments in china led hyundai motor last october to pull out of negotiations for a planned truck joint venture , which had been underway for 3 years . as a result , the two sides ' relations were strained .
they originally planned to set up a joint venture to produce 100,000 of daimlerchrysler 's latest model diesel engines each year from 2004 and 100,000 trucks annually from 2005 .
however , hyundai pulled out of talks on the project after daimlerchrysler moved to launch a separate joint venture with hyundai 's chinese business partner , beijing automotive industry holding corporation , which hyundai accused of violating a 2002 deal to launch an auto assembly joint venture .
greece to mobilize 70,000 security personnel to protect athens olympics
with nations around the world fearing the possibility of terrorist attacks on the athens olympics this august , greek public order minister voulgarakis announced today that a total of 70,000 greek security personnel would be responsible for guarding the athens olympics . there will be 7 security personnel for every one athlete at the games .
voulgarakis said the cost for the security of the athens olympics rose with the rising number of security guards to reach up to 1-billion euros ( $ 1.2-billion ) , which would certainly break the olympic record .
" we have made a political decision to ensure a safe olympic games , " voulgarakis told a press conference .
the greek public order minister 's remarks came 94 days before the august 13-29 games ' opening ceremony . a week ago , athens saw three small bomb explosions , which caused no casualties but stirred security fears around the world for the athens games .
" no matter how small , isolated or unimportant they are , these incidents are serious traitorous acts , " voulgarakis said . he accused the perpetrators of bringing foreign pressures to greece .
following the bombing incident , australia on the 11th raised its travel warning to greece . but voulgarakis said that australia 's response had been exaggerated and based on empty substances .
however , human rights groups have expressed their concerns that security fears could trigger a clamp on civil rights during the olympic games .
pictures of american youth beheaded by iraqi terrorists cruel and horrible
an islamic website linked to the terrorist organization " al-qaeda " showed cruel and horrible pictures of a young american , berg , being beheaded . it 's widely believed that the bloody killings are intended to avenge the abuse of iraqi prisoners by us troops at the abu ghraib prison .
it has reminded people of a similar atrocity in pakistan in 2002 when wall street journal reporter pearl was beheaded by al-qaeda terrorists .
abc tv news network today broadcast pictures from the islamic website .
the tv report said the victim was 26-year-old berg from the us .
the us state department said that the body of berg , a businessman from pennsylvania , was found last weekend in baghdad .
the photos showed berg seated on the ground dressed in an orange jumpsuit , while five hooded men stood behind him with one of them reading a statement denouncing the abuses of iraqi detainees by us soldiers at abu ghraib prison .
after the statement was finished , the five hooded men grabbed the head of berg in front of the camera while one of the men decapitated him with a large knife .
the tv did not show the execution but described it as horrific .
the tv said the video showing the beheading was entitled " al-zarqawi slaughtering an american " .
zarqawi is a senior al-qaeda leader wanted by the us .
the tv said the video did not clearly show if it was zarqawi who carried out the execution or was just responsible for giving the order .
the bush administration said the us would pursue those responsible for murdering berg and bring them to justice .
" our hearts and prayers all go with berg 's family . the incident shows the true nature of the enemies of freedom , " said white house spokesman mcclellan .
" these people care nothing about the lives of innocent men , women or children . "
reprimanded us general says she resisted handing iraqi prison control to military intelligence
following the exposure of the prisoner abuse scandal by us soldiers in iraq , general karpinski , who was in charge of us prisons in iraq , was reprimanded . however the washington post reported that during the investigation she said that she had resisted a decision by two superior officers to hand over control of the prisons to military intelligence officials who wanted to introduce tougher interrogation methods .
the washington post reported today that in a detailed account of her tenure to army investigators , karpinski said she also resisted a decision by two top us army generals in iraq to authorize the use of lethal force to keep order inside the prisons , on the grounds this would violate the rules of engagement for military police and would be dangerous .
a us official who described her account to the washington post said that karpinski 's concerns were overruled by major general miller and lieutenant general sanchez .
seven us soldiers have already been charged over the abuse , photographs of which have gone around the world .
evidence of the abuse and torture of iraqi prisoners has sparked a major scandal in the administration of us president bush and has triggered calls for defense secretary rumsfeld to resign .
according to karpinski , when she met miller in september 2003 , they talked about the decision to transfer the control of us military prisons in iraq to military intelligence officials .
miller , who was then in charge of the us detention center at guantanamo bay , cuba , was sent to iraq to introduce more effective methods of extracting information from iraqi prisoners . he told karpinski that he wanted to make iraq 's biggest prison , the abu ghraib prison , outside baghdad like the detention center at guantanamo .
eu to lift five-year-old ban on gm foods
the european union is set next week to lift a five-year-old ban on genetically modified food by approving the sale of a type of gm corn .
sources said today that eu 's executive commission is to vote on the 19th to approve the swiss firm syngenta 's application to import bt-11 sweet corn into eu countries .
the spokeswoman for the eu health and food safety commissioner bryne said , " it 's on the agenda for the commission meeting on may 19 . "
despite little public support in europe for bio-engineered food , there is little doubt about the commission 's decision to lift the ban with the eu executive standing in favor of allowing the cultivation of gm crops .
according to eu sources , byrne , who is strongly in favor of " healthy products " containing gm organisms , has won the overwhelming support of the rest of the executive commission .
they pointed out that only five members of the executive commission of the eu , which since the may 1 expansion now numbers 30 member states , have expressed reservations about the ban lifting .
the eu banned gm foods in 1999 . the issue was passed back to the executive commission after eu member states failed to break a deadlock on it last month .
under eu rules , if the governments fail to reach a deal on gm food , the decision will rest with the executive commission of the brussels headquarters .
" the general idea is that after spending four years reinforcing a legislative framework ( on gm foods ) , it 's now time that we assumed our responsibilities , " eu sources said .
us congressional leaders meet with bush to urge strengthened nato and un role
the two parties ' leaders of the foreign affairs committees in the us congress counseled us president bush at a recent white house meeting to consider a greater un and nato role in iraq after the june 30 handover of sovereignty by the coalition forces led by the us .
describing the meeting with president bush at a hearing , lantos , a ranking member of the house international relations committee said , " i hope that the administration 's recognition of the importance of a un role will have a ripple effect encouraging more nations to join the international coalition . "
on the topic of military security in iraq , lantos said that he and other lawmakers had advised bush that " we must work to secure an important place in iraq for nato . "
" at a time when the united states and our coalition partners need its help the most in iraq , nato as an organized entity has been missing in action , " he said
" nato states are ideally suited to provide security for iraqis when they go to the polls next january , " said the california democrat .
" a nato contingent to support iraqi elections should be blessed by the united nations security council . "
" winning nato support in iraq is a supreme challenge that the administration simply can not fail to meet . it requires the demonstration of greater respect for our allies than the administration has shown today , " he continued .
lantos said the meeting with the president on the evening of the 12th at the white house was also attended by vice president cheney and national security adviser rice .
in addition to lantos , those present at the white house meeting were biden , top democrat on the senate foreign relations committee ; lugar , the committee 's republican chairman ; and representative hyde , chairman of the house international relations committee .
asian-pacific airlines suffer big losses due to sars and rising jet fuel costs
analysts say that escalating jet fuel prices are threatening asian-pacific airlines just as they recover from last year 's big losses as result of the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) .
they say moves by australia 's qantas airways and air new zealand to impose a passenger ticket surcharge starting tomorrow are a warning to the industry about the impacts of rising oil prices .
" fuel represents a large portion of an airline 's operating cost , " thomas , a senior consultant at the center for asia pacific aviation in sydney , told the afp .
" so obviously any increase over a prolonged period has a detrimental effect . "
oil prices hit an all-time high on the 14th this month , with oil reaching $ 41.56 a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange .
demand from the buoyant global economy , especially from china and the us , has also pushed crude prices higher .
australia 's qantas airways said that from the night of the 17th every domestic ticket would be surcharged 6 australian dollars ( $ 4.13 ) and every international ticket 15 australian dollars .
this is one of the first responses of regional airlines to the rising fuel prices .
air new zealand said its move of imposing the ticket surcharge was prompted by expectations that oil prices were unlikely to ease any time soon .
air new zealand 's surcharges range from 3 new zealand dollars for a single regional ticket to 20 for a long-distance ticket .
so far , only australia 's qantas airways and air new zealand have introduced surcharges . singapore airlines , hong kong 's cathay pacific and dragonair , japan airlines and malaysia airlines have all indicated they are considering similar measures .
china could raise interest rates as early as july
economists say china could raise interest rates as early as july to cool its sizzling economy after april data showed few signs of a slowdown .
april saw stronger-than-desired figures , which had added to speculation that the central bank will raise one-year lending and deposit rates for the first time in nearly a decade as fixed-asset investment and credit growth continue to boom .
the current lending and deposit rates stand at 5.51% and 1.98% respectively .
however , a securities analyst said that china would likely wait for the us federal reserve to move on us rates first because a premature hike on the mainland would add to speculative pressure on the yuan , already under strain from hot money flows .
" the people 's bank of china is likely to raise interest rates after the us federal reserve has adjusted its own monetary policy , " he said .
he has forecast a rate hike after the federal reserve meets at the end of june .
talk that china must raise rates reached a climax this week as the economy continued to surge ahead , with industrial output for april rising at the same pace as march , while money supply remains well above the government 's 17% annual target .
the chinese economy has not slowed since it was hit by the severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) outbreak in the second quarter of last year , recording growth of 6.9% in the first quarter of 2004 , 9.9% in the fourth quarter of last year and 9.1% for 2003 as a whole .
meanwhile , the consumer prices , which rose to their highest levels in 7 years , was up 3.8% in april on a yearly basis .
arroyo takes strong lead in philippine presidential election , no signs of poll rigging
vote counting for the may 10 presidential election in the philippines continued today with incumbent president arroyo taking a strong lead over chief rival poe . a watchdog body said it saw no signs of the massive cheating alleged by the opposition .
" the national citizens ' movement for free elections " said the latest count had found arroyo with 3,408,988 votes to poe 's 2,414,479 votes .
the civilian organization was authorized to conduct an unofficial tally of the votes for the may 10 elections .
as of early this morning the count of " the national citizens ' movement for free elections " has covered at least 21% of all votes cast .
the official results are expected to be announced several weeks later because an estimated 35-million ballots will be hand-counted .
meanwhile , the chairman of " the national citizens ' movement for free elections " , concepcion , said he saw no signs of the massive cheating in favor of arroyo alleged by the opposition .
he admitted that there existed a lot of problems in the voting . many people have been excluded from the vote since their names did not appear on the formal name lists .
however , he said that it was largely because of some " faults " arising from the election commission 's preparation work .
a " quick count " of both exit polls and the media showed that arroyo were expected to defeat poe to be elected philippine 's president for a six-year term .
threatened by u.s . anti-dumping duties , chinese television manufacturers consider an appeal
u.s . manufacturers accused china of dumping television sets on the u.s . market at a low price . the u.s . international trade commission ruled that it would support an imposition of whopping duties on these imported products . chinese television manufacturers were considering an appeal to the decision .
the china daily english edition reported that the u.s . international trade commission concluded last friday ( the 14th ) that anti-dumping duties as high as 78.45 percent should be levied on chinese manufacturers that export goods to the u.s . such as tcl corp . and haier group .
the u.s . commerce department gave a preliminary ruling last month on the part of dumping at lower than the reasonable market value . the u.s . international trade commission also made an affirmative ruling last week that the industry had been injured and jeopardized .
according to the information of the united states , after receiving a petition from u.s . manufacturers , an anti-dumping investigation was launched last may according to the law . the yearly market value of china 's sale of color televisions in the u.s . market was approximately u.s . $ 319-million .
the investigation by the international trade commission also found that chinese television manufacturers had caused " material damage " to the u.s . industry . u.s . manufacturers produced 3.8-million television sets last year with a market value of u.s . $ 3.1-billion .
five rivers electronic innovations , a tennessee-based television manufacturer , and two unions filed a petition to the government accusing china of suspected dumping of television sets onto the u.s . market .
u.s . manufacturers ranging from bras to semi-condcutor chips have petitioned the government in order to stop chinese products from low-priced dumping . the u.s . trade deficit with china in 2002 had already reached u.s . $ 124-billion .
rumsfeld : u.s . troops will not evacuate immediately after power transfer in iraq
u.s . secretary of defense rumsfeld stated today that the united states would transfer sovereignty to iraq on june 30 . nonetheless , the u.s . army will not evacuate immediately . rumsfeld warned that the new iraqi leaders would experience a difficult learning process . iraq will not transform into a mature democratic country that earns worldwide praises overnight .
rumsfeld said at the conservative think tank the heritage foundation , " is it possible that iraq will revert to mayhem ? it is . "
he said , " but it 's more likely that a set of serious , capable and educated men and women will find ways to make things work . not our way , not necessarily the way of other coalition countries . the process may be slow ; indeed , the process is very likely slow . "
rumsfeld warned that the fear of a possible comeback of the old hussein regime is still deeply planted in the hearts of the iraqi people , thus making the transition to the autonomous government in iraq extremely difficult .
rumsfeld specifically pointed out that the assassination of salim , the interim president of the iraqi autonomous government , and other attacks were all aimed at deterring the iraqis from cooperating with the coalition troops .
rumsfeld said , " we must not allow terrorists or remnants of the hussein regime to determine the fate of 25-million iraqis . "
rumsfeld reiterated that the political power of iraq would be transferred to the interim government " on or before june 30 . "
he stated , " june 30 is not a magical date . us forces will not evacuate from iraq over night . "
he said that coalition countries could give advice and suggestions but the new iraqi government had to decide on its own what to do .
he stated , " the iraqi leaders will face a very sharp learning curve , and there will be some real bumps in the road . "
sonia gandhi meets with president today , to swear in as prime minister tomorrow
sonia gandhi , leader of the congress party of india , will meet with president kalam today and advise him of the sufficient support she has secured to form a new government . she will be sworn in as the prime minister tomorrow .
nonetheless , the communist party refused to join the new government yesterday . rumors of sonia declining the post of prime minister once spread .
basu , leader of the communist party of india , said , " she will be sworn in as the prime minister on the 19th . "
it will be the 13th anniversary of the assassination of sonia 's husband , former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi , two days from now .
after the communist party , ally of the congress party , refused to join the new government yesterday , there were rumors that sonia had declined the post of prime minister .
basu later repudiated the rumor outside sonia 's mansion by saying that leaders of the coalition parties all rushed to sonia 's residence to show their support after hearing the rumors . he said , " a television station spread the rumor . however , it is totally unfounded . "
the 57 year-old sonia is of italian origin . she married rajiv in 1969 and finally obtained her indian citizenship 15 years later . she has become a target of repeated attacks by her political opponents .
the bharatiya janta party , which suffered an upset in this election , openly stated that it would boycott the inaugural ceremony . except for prime minister vajpayee , other leaders would not attend sonia 's inauguration .
apart from the large drop in the mumbai stock market yesterday , investors are also worried that the refusal of the communist party to join the government will lead to the instability of the new government and thus give the communist party an excuse to blackmail and prevent indian state-owned businesses from being privatized . they are also worried that sonia 's inexperience will make it impossible for her to control the governing coalition formed by 20 political parties .
singh , one of the candidates for the next minister of finance and an experienced leader of the congress party , stated that the new government would , " speed up development , promote trade , there is no need for ( the market ) to be alarmed . "
environmental protection group : shrimp farming causes environmental crisis
the london-based environmental justice foundation ( ejf ) today accused the meteoric rise of the shrimp farming industry in developing countries of causing " shocking environmental crises " including a decline in forests and environmental pollution .
the report published by the environmental justice foundation revealed a " catalog of truly shocking environmental damage " that the foundation believed to have occurred in these shrimp-farming countries , central america , and a small number of african countries .
this 77-page report on " squandering the seas : how shrimp trawling is threatening ecological integrity and food securing for the world " details a series of examples of environmental damage that the foundation has found , such as the destruction of mangrove forests and the decrease of other oceanic organisms .
in many relatively poor countries , there has been a rapid growth in the shrimp-farming industry in recent years .
the five largest shrimp producing countries are thailand , china , indonesia , vietnam , and bangladesh by weight produced .
shrimp farmers have always argued from the environmental benefit standpoint , claiming that shrimp farming enables these countries to produce and export food . at the same time , it allows aquatic wildlife to recuperate and replenish . however , the report of the environmental justice foundation shows that the standpoint of the shrimp-farming industry is very wrong .
the main issue is that mangrove forests and wetlands are normally destroyed by the shrimp-farming industry against the law in order to build shrimp farming ponds . the chemicals they used are usually hazardous , thus causing the accumulation of pollutants in the ponds .
in some areas , especially regions in thailand , the pollutant accumulation problem is very serious so the ponds have to be abandoned not long after being used and are impossible to be used for other purposes .
the environmental justice foundation also claimed that farmers have to use trawls to catch the shrimps because they can jump . by so doing , other species will also be caught by accident , causing a significant impact on the quantity of fish .
first court-martial for prisoner abuse case , first us soldier on trial sentenced to one-year prison term
u.s . court-martial opened for the first time in baghdad today to try the u.s . soldiers involved in the abu ghraib prison prisoner abuse case . the first soldier on trial was sivits , a military policeman at the prison . he pleaded guilty to the charges and was sentenced to the maximum of a one-year prison term .
the 24-year-old sivits belonged to the gendarmerie . he was also given a bad conduct discharge , a reduction in rank from specialist to private and has to carry this rank until he resigns from the army after the completion of his prison term .
this prisoner abuse scandal shook the us-led coalition troops in iraq and the bush administration . sivits admitted in the hearing that around november 8 of last year , he committed the crimes of conspiracy to maltreat prisoners , maltreatment of prisoners , and dereliction of duty .
he admitted that he once led a prisoner to join a pile of prisoners who were lying on the ground and took a picture of them while another specialist graner knelt on top of a prisoner and pretended that he was hitting the head of another one .
sivits told the court that he was with six other soldiers at the time . one of them claimed that what they did was to weaken the will of the prisoners for the military intelligence agents . however , he did not believe so .
he also admitted being involved in conspiring to force the prisoners into a pyramid position but denied taking any pictures during that incident .
sivits vividly described the abuse of the prisoners he witnessed , including the beating of the iraqi prisoners by his comrades .
he also said that he once saw prisoners with bags on their heads lining up against a wall . one of them was forced to simulate oral sex acts with another prisoner while another one was ordered to masturbate .
in sivits ' confession given during the investigation released to the media by the u.s . army , he stated that he would plead guilty .
nevertheless , he begged to be allowed to stay in the army .
during his last testimony in court , he said with tears in his eyes , " i want to stay .
i love the army .
i love that flag . all i ever wanted to be was an american soldier . "
president of sony japan forecasts personalization of consumer electronics
kunitake ando , president and chief executive officer of sony corporation in japan stated today that global consumers will soon request manufacturers to integrate the functions of televisions , computers , digital cameras , and cellular phones to suit individual needs and that the mass production era will end in 2006 .
kunitake ando said that new network technology impels the integration of consumer electronics and entertainment . sony corporation is attempting to be the leader in this exploration .
while sony corporation continues to lay off its employees and readjusts its business priorities in order to become more competitive in the revolutionary consumer electronics world , which it believes will be challenged within the next few years , kunitake ando mapped out the blueprint for prior to march 2005 . he stated that this will be a year of " perseverance . "
in the press conference , kunitake ando said , " i believe the consumer electronics industry will experience an enormous change in 2006 . "
he stated , " the disappearance of the information gap will give individuals even greater power than what they had during the era of effective corporate promotions . this power of individuals will be even bigger in 3 to 10 years . "
kunitake ando said , " the era of mass production has been replaced by the era of personalization except for some countries . "
this may change the mode of how consumers choose products .
he said that in order to meet the challenge , sony would integrate the functions of living room , home office , and outdoor consumer electronics .
interactions between electronic equipment such as televisions , dvd recorders , personal computers , portable music players , digital cameras , and cellular phones will become possible .
bank of japan maintains easy monetary policy , cautiously optimistic about economic prospect
the bank of japan ( central bank ) vows today to continue supporting economic recovery with a monetary policy that supports economic recovery .
at the same time , the bank of japan is still cautiously optimistic toward the economic outlook for japan .
despite the sharp increase in international oil prices , after a two-day meeting , the nine-member bank of japan monetary policy board unanimously voted to maintain the existing extremely easy monetary policy as expected .
the bank of japan clearly stated earlier that it will continue its policies of maintaining low interest rate and providing ample liquidity until a modest inflation replaces deflation sometime next year .
therefore , in spite of the strong recovery shown in the country 's economy , the financial market still anticipates the monetary policy to remain unchanged .
toshihiko fukui , governor of the bank of japan , stated that at the moment , the bank has not even discussed a change to a neutral policy .
in the press conference , fukui said , " we will not change our existing policy structure . we have not held any discussions on such topics as of now . "
fukui also said that the bank of japan would keep a close watch on increasing energy prices .
japan 's energy supply is almost entirely dependent on imports . the heightening of the tense situation in the middle east and the scarcity of u.s . oil reserves have brought the international crude oil price to a record high of over u.s . $ 41 per barrel .
moreover , the may financial economic monthly report published by the bank of japan today indicated that the japanese economy " continues to recover slowly and the domestic demand continues to grow stronger . "
the report pointed out , " as for the economic outlook , the japanese economy continues to recover slowly , and it 's likely to increase momentum gradually . "
next month 's transit of venus has special meaning to south pacific
the transit of venus , the celestial wonder of venus passing between the earth and the sun , will happen on june 8 this year . during which people will be reminded of historical incidents that determined the majority of the modern political and cultural nature of the south pacific by unusual means .
the last transit of venus happened more than a century ago in 1882 while the next one will appear eight years from now in 2012 .
if the transit of venus on june 3 , 1769 had not happened , 18th century british explorer caption cook would not have sailed to the south pacific and new zealand . the vast territory in the eastern part of australia might have been in the hands of the french by now .
at that time , british astronomer halley realized that the transit of venus phenomenon could provide a rare opportunity for calculating the distance between the sun and the earth .
it is because astronomers around the world could not come up with a conclusion from the observation result in 1761 .
the royal society in london learned that the transit of venus in 1769 was of great importance because its next occurrence would be 105 years later .
the british royal society called for the best effort to place themselves above the french .
the royal navy of britain thus dispatched cook to sail to tahiti to observe the transit of venus phenomenon along with several scientists .
however , cook also bore a secret mission of continuing to sail toward the south to make a new discovery and found the vast southern continent that was believed to exist .
salmond , author of a book on the south sea expedition trip of captain cook published last year , pointed out that if the transit of venus had not happened in those years , someone else might have discovered the truth about the south pacific .
it would probably have been the french and the french merchant surville because surville and other people were at the pelagic sea of new zealand when captain cook arrived in new zealand .
rocsat-2 successfully launches
the taurus xl rocket , painted with the words " republic of china " and the national flag , was successfully launched from vandenberg air force base in california , united states today , sending " rocsat-2 " into orbit .
the first stage of the four-stage taurus xl rocket was successfully separated from the rocket 1 minute and 24 seconds after lift-off . when a white air stream appeared in the sky , the work crew at vandenberg air force ground control center applauded and cheered in excitement , which lasted for a long time .
according to beneski , spokesperson of u.s . orbit sciences corp . , rocsat-2 would be separated from the second stage 2 minutes and 47 seconds after the lift-off .
12 minutes and 7 seconds later , the fourth stage would ignite .
the fourth stage of the rocket would be completely burned out 13 minutes and 20 seconds after lift-off while 15 minutes and 15 seconds later , the satellite and the rocket would be entirely separated .
beneski pointed out that 1 hour and 17 minutes after the lift-off , the ground control center in sweden would receive signals from rocsat-2 , which will confirm the successful entrance of rocsat-2 into the circular parking orbit 723 kilometers from the earth and begin its earth-orbiting operation .
in the first two days , rocsat-2 will pass through the sky over taiwan twice at this elevation and on the third day , the crew at the space programs office will carry out all kinds of functional tests and angle adjustments by way of remote metering .
in the next 10 days , while orbiting the earth , rocsat-2 will also propel toward an altitude of 891 kilometers above the earth 's surface . at this altitude , it can orbit around the earth 14 times per day and perform its assigned scientific and exploration missions .
more iraqi prisoner abuse photos published in u.s . newspapers
a document published by the washington post today gave an account of the iraqi prisoners of war by saying that they were caressed by female u.s . soldiers and were forced to eat food inside a toilet .
these documents included several hundred new photos and short video fragments of the beating of the prisoners in abu ghraib prison by the u.s . soldiers .
the post reported that the statements of abuse made by the 13 iraqi prisoners of war , the several hundreds of photos , and the short digital video fragments were among the evidence collected by the u.s . military investigators . this evidence would be used in the court-martial in iraq to try the seven u.s . soldiers accused of abusing the detainees .
a spokesperson for the u.s . department of defense told the washington post that the content descriptions of the photos and the video fragments seemed to be consistent with the written materials shown to the congressmen earlier this month .
the post reported that these photos and videotapes did not reveal who instigated the prisoner abuse at abu ghraib .
among those were images of prisoners being threatened by the u.s . soldiers ' shrapnel , cowering in front of fierce unmuzzled dogs , being forced to masturbate , being beaten up , or being sexually assaulted by the guards .
the six photos posted on the post 's website included one that showed a completely naked prisoner of war who seemed to be smeared with feces and was forced to walk a straight line in front of a baton-brandishing guard .
in another photo , a prisoner in an orange-colored prison suit was kneeling down with his hands tied at his back while a big black dog restrained by a dog-training soldier with both hands was barking a foot away from him .
the post claimed that the sworn statements given to the u.s . military investigators by the prisoners of war from january 16 to 21 seemed to match the scenes of the above-mentioned photos .
the world health organization expands work focus to curbing bad hygienic habits
the 192 member states of the world heath organization began a new public health initiative today , extending their focus from infectious disease to health issues related to living habits or human behavior .
the world health organization ended this year 's annual general meeting . during the meeting , all member states voted to support a series of unprecedented actions to manage non-infectious diseases , including encouraging better eating habits and preventing road accidents .
nevertheless , officials stated that they would still try their best to fight deadly infectious diseases , especially in poor countries .
the world health organization 's member states unanimously supported rejuvenating efforts to fight hiv  aids and the world health organization 's strategy on reproductive health .
dr . lee jong-wook , the director general of the world health organization , pointed out in the statement , " this general assembly has obviously removed the obstacles of improving public health for the entire humankind .
the meeting agreed to devote all efforts to resisting communicable diseases that will spread in the environment and among human beings , as well as issues relating to food , amount of exercise , and road transportation safety . "
moreover , the world health organization also pointed out that apart from existing problems , including tropical diseases and hiv  aids , health issues created by western living habits are gradually becoming burdens as well in developing countries .
the world health organization indicated that at present , chronic diseases such as diabetes , heart and kidney diseases , and cancer make up 47 percent of the world 's diseases . in its annual report , the world health organization recently predicted that these diseases would replace the combined impact brought about by malaria , tuberculosis , and hiv  aids in the next 16 years .
lack of concrete results , japanese prime minister koizumi 's north korean visit brings little cheer to media
japanese prime minister koizumi junichiro 's visit to north korea did not bring much cheer to the media . the country 's media criticized the fact that even though the children of the japanese citizens kidnapped by north korea during the cold war era were able to return to japan , the summit held during koizumi 's visit had not yielded any concrete results .
yomiuri shimbun , the most widely distributed newspaper in japan , said in its editorial , " the latest meeting made no headway in resolving the abductions , nuclear weapons , missiles , or any other issues related to northeast asia 's peace and security . "
in the summit with north korean leader kim jong il on saturday , koizumi won the release of the five children of two japanese couples left in north korea by promising to provide large amounts of food and medical aid .
the two couples , kidnapped by north korea in 1978 , did not return to north korea after they were allowed to visit their families in japan last year .
even though kim jong il had not put forward any concrete proposals , he vowed to work toward resolving the 20-month standoff created by the north korean nuclear weapons program , while koizumi also promised on saturday that he would not impose sanctions on the impoverished north korea .
yomiuri shimbun said , " the prime minister 's pledge should be dismissed , as it signals a decision not to use pressure as a bargaining chip anymore . "
this widely distributed newspaper stated , " japan must be ready to put punitive measures into action at any moment " as a reliance for winning the compromise of north korea .
the newspaper said , " there is absolutely no need for japan to be in too much of a hurry to realize the normalization of bilateral relations with north korea . "
report : decline in myanmar 's wild elephant population raises concerns
although myanmar listed elephants as protected animals 10 year ago , myanmar officials are still concerned about the illegal logging and hunting in the country that threaten the wild elephant population .
today 's issue of myanmar times , the semi-official weekly , reported that land development to sustain the ever-increasing population also leads to a decrease in the wild elephant population .
the report quoted htut , an elephant expert from the forest department , as saying , " it is quite evident that the wild elephant population is declining in myanmar . "
he said that despite the threat of heavy fines and prison terms of up to seven years , hunters continue to kill the elephants , causing an unbalanced gender ratio in the elephant herd and a decline in the birth rate .
there are approximately 5,000 elephants in myanmar , the second largest home to the elephant population in asia after india .
htut did not identify the extent of the decline in the elephant population . nonetheless , he said that since there was only one elephant reserve in myanmar now , the nature and wildlife conservation division of the forest department planned to set up another four reserves in the next three years .
however , a report pointed out that in the past seven months , the junta had allowed state-owned and private logging companies to catch wild elephants in two densely populated areas near the capital of yangon , where elephants clash with humans .
a veterinarian of a state-owned enterprise who is very knowledgeable in elephants stated that state-owned enterprises utilize 4,000 elephants in lumbering , while private logging enterprises use approximately 3,000 .
the rugged terrain of myanmar is unsuitable for vehicles . for quite some time , elephants have been used in felling .
closing of arab summit brings new chapter in political and economic reforms to nations
the arab summit concluded in tunis on the 23rd . the purpose of this gathering , which the host country tunisia called a collective summit for " opening a new page , " was to accelerate democratic reform in the arab world and to enhance the international anti-terrorism movement .
at the close of the two-day summit , all state leaders also urged israel and palestine to resume peace talks after more than three years of bloody confrontations . for the first time , they also denounced the indiscriminate attacks on all civilians .
egypt and other arab countries are expected to submit a 13-point reform plan at the group of eight ( g8 ) summit held in georgia , in the unites states on june 10 .
all state representatives at the tunis summit claimed that this plan proved the countries ' commitment to pursue and strengthen political , economic , social , and educational reforms . however , these reforms had to be carried out according to the national conditions , cultural backgrounds , religious beliefs , and the possible extent of change of individual states to silently resist the u.s . intention of forcing the arab states into carrying out political and economic reforms by means foreign to the arabs .
this plan also requested a strengthening of anti-terrorism efforts and an expansion of the basis of democracy , human rights , and women 's rights .
u.s . president bush attempted to use the g8 summit to promote the greater middle east initiative for political and economic reforms in the arab and muslim states . the united states saw these reforms as a necessary means to alleviate the frustration and prejudice of the people in the region in order to prevent the reoccurrence of a terrorist attack similar to 9  11 .
nevertheless , diplomats of the region believed that the united states should feel fortunate that at least in the end , the arab leaders were willing to begin discussing democratic reform .
colombia multiple blasts killed 10
on the eve of the 40th anniversary of the marxist rebel activity initiated by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia ( farc ) , several explosions recently occurred in colombia , killing 10 and injuring dozens .
the revolutionary armed forces of colombia is the largest rebel group in south america .
colombian authorities blamed the blasts on the 17,000-member revolutionary armed forces of colombia .
the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , under the leadership of marulanda , a.k.a " tiro fijo " or " sure shot , " began its rebel activities in southern colombia on may 27 , 1964 .
nonetheless , up until now , no one has claimed responsibility for the recent blasts .
all the attacks took place in the northwestern part of the antioquia province .
colombian military and police are on high alert in order to stop further attacks . the relevant authorities have not excluded the possibility that the revolutionary armed forces of colombia is planning to heighten attacks on the 27th of this month , the eve of the 40th anniversary of rebel activities .
general garcia , colombia national police director , said , " we are attempting to eliminate any reenactment of terrorist activity . "
the three recent blasts happened in apartado , san carlos , and medellin in antioquia province , respectively .
among these cities , medellin is the second largest in colombia .
the present colombian president , uribe , was once the mayor of medellin , and had adopted a hard-line position toward the guerrilla forces . nevertheless , the revolutionary armed forces of colombia retreated into the forest and adopted an urban guerrilla warfare method .
skyrocketing international oil prices challenged philippine and japanese economy and livelihood
a philippine economist stated on the 24th that new record-high global oil prices would shorten the honeymoon period of the new president and the people . it would also make it difficult for the new president to adopt any urgent measures to replenish the empty national treasury .
an economic analyst who took the opinion poll conducted by agence france-presse stated that the oil prices that surpassed u.s . $ 40 per barrel in the past week would not have any immediate impact on the outlook of economic growth in the philippines this year .
nonetheless , the analyst also suggested that with pressure from public opinion brought about by the increase in transportation expenses , the goodwill of the people toward the new president might disappear quickly and might set off people 's grievances .
more than 50 percent of the population of the philippines earns a total of u.s . $ 2 per day .
the public transportation companies in the philippines hiked the minimum fare of public transportation last week , with a 37.5 percent increase . the average fare is at 5.5 peso .
business leaders indicated that there might be another wave of fare hikes next month .
on the other hand , tatsuya ito , japanese minister of financial services , stated yesterday that the high oil prices might slow down japan 's economic growth .
tatsuya ito said , " japan is seeking a way out to shake off deflation . the high oil prices may have a negative impact on the pace of economic recovery . "
japan relies on imported oil . its approximate oil consumption is 5.3-million barrels per day .
japan 's economic growth rate from january to march this year was 1.4 percent , which exceeded expectations , making an annual growth rate of 5.6 percent possible this year .
nonetheless , the phenomenon of deflation still exists .
compared to the same period last year , the core consumer price index this march decreased by 0.1 percent .
opec president : opec still has excess production capacity
yusgiantoro , the indonesian minister of energy who serves as the president of the organization of the petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) , stated today that opec still has enough excess production capacity to meet the demand for a production increase .
yusgiantoro told reporters , " current production is 88 percent of the total production capacity . thus , if we decide to increase production , there is still excess production capacity that we can draw on . "
due to skyrocketing international crude oil prices , opec is now facing major pressure from a demand in increased oil production to mitigate the tendency of continuously climbing oil prices .
opec made use of the opportunity of the international energy forum held in amsterdam this weekend to hold an informal meeting .
despite the appeal of oil consumption countries to opec for an explicit message regarding the issue of an increase in oil production , the ministers of opec member states still postponed their final decision on saudi arabia 's proposal for an increase in crude oil production to early june , when the next formal meeting was held .
when inquired about his opinion on saudi 's proposal , yusgiantoro stated , " we have no objections . if they want to make suggestions , we would not be opposed to it .
at present , we are encouraging our member states to do their utmost to stabilize the oil market . "
as the world 's largest oil production country , saudi arabia took the initiative on the 21st to suggest an increase in the production quota of over 2-million barrels per day by opec . nonetheless , reactions to this proposal among the opec member states varied .
despite saudi arabia 's willingness to increase production , many people still worry about how much excess production capacity the oil production states have , should a production increase be decided .
passing of reform proposal signifies new beginning in arab states
after a two-day meeting in tunis , leaders of arab states today carried out a movement that the host country called a " new beginning . " they pledged to promote internal reforms and to fight terrorism together .
after a two-day meeting in tunis , the heads of the arab states denounced the " indiscriminate " attacks on civilians for the first time . they also asked israel and palestine to resume peace talks after the two sides experienced more than three years of deadly violent clashes .
egypt and other arab states are expected to submit a 13-point reform plan to the g8 industrial powers in georgia in the united states on june 10 .
the state representatives described the plan as a true " arab " document . its objective was to undermine u.s . attempts to advance a series of foreign political and economic reform programs .
the tunisian document calls for arab states to pursue reform at their own pace and method .
u.s . president bush planned to make use of the opportunity of the g8 meeting to launch the " greater middle east proposal " to promote political and economic reforms in arab and muslim countries , so as to dispel the frustration and prejudice that washington believed were behind the 9  11 incident in 2001 .
yet , diplomats in the region said that the united states was satisfied with the proposal presented to the summit and stated that at least arab leaders could finally begin discussing democratic change .
at the closing address , tunisian president ali told the assembly , " we are all committed to bringing about extensive reforms within our own countries in order to strengthen democracy , human rights , and to promote women 's rights . this is a new beginning . "
the summit was originally scheduled to open in tunis on march 28 but was cancelled by the host country at the last minute because everyone was questioning the sincerity of tunisia 's reform proposal , believing that it had not taken reform seriously .
opinion polls : lead of australian labor party over governing coalition widens
a new opinion poll shows that since australians are becoming more disillusioned about the government 's pro-u.s . policy on the iraqi issue , the gap in the lead held by the australian labor party , the opposition party , over prime minister howard 's conservative coalition continues to widen in opinion polls .
the national election in australia will take place in the next few months . the poll prepared for the sydney morning herald and the age by polling company acneilson discovered that 56 percent of the pollsters support the labor party , while only 44 percent support howard 's liberal party and its ally the national party .
this means that under the new leadership of latham , the approval rate for the labor party has increased by 3 percent , while howard 's coalition has dropped by 3 percent .
australia is expected to hold its general election between august and november . howard 's conservative coalition will seek a fourth term in this election .
the poll shows that latham has a higher support rating than howard . the support for latham is at 58 percent , while howard 's is only at 52 percent . this is the lowest approval rating for howard since the eve of the last election in 2001 .
this poll also uncovered that there is a huge increase in the number of people opposed to the invasion and occupation of iraq by the u.s . - led coalition troops . 63 percent of the pollsters believed that the coalition troops are fighting without just cause , while only 31 percent supported this policy . the number of people who believed that the coalition troops are fighting without just cause has increased by 12 percent compared to last september .
since latham took over the leadership of the labor party at the end of last year , he has used opposition to the iraqi war and howard 's support for the foreign policy of u.s . president bush as his main election agenda .
on the other hand , howard countercharged that latham 's anti-u.s . prejudice is harming australia 's interest .
he stated that this shows that the 46-year-old latham is inexperienced in international affairs .
united nations intended for iraqi nuclear scientist to be interim government prime minister
the washington post reported , quoting iraqi and u.s . officials , that shiite nuclear scientist shahristani ( hussain shahristani ) , who was once imprisoned by ex-iraqi president hussein , was considered by the united nations as the lead candidate to be the prime minister of iraq 's interim government after june 30 .
an iraqi official told the post that the 62-year-old shahristani was once exiled overseas . for years he has dedicated himself to the cause of humanitarian aid projects . moreover , his lack of political affiliation is an asset that makes him the best candidate to serve as the bridge among various iraqi factions .
an iraqi official close to the un delegation to iraq indicated that shahristani has had several meetings with un envoy brahimi this month .
shahristani wrote an article in the features section of the wall street journal last month criticizing the occupation authorities of not preparing iraq well for the election , which drew brahimi 's attention to this iraqi nuclear scientist .
a senior official at the u.s . state department claimed that discussions concerning the interim government that would consist of 30 members are still in progress . however , as of now , shahristani is the top candidate for the prime minister position .
although shahristani has little political experience , an iraqi who has known shahristani for a long time described him as a " person with exceptional ability . "
a senior u.s . official told the post in baghdad that brahimi and u.s . presidential envoy blackwill are still trying to resolve the complicated matter of the division of power among iraq 's ethnic and religious factions .
during his special interview with the post , shahristani stated that he would be obliged to serve as the prime minister if people want him to .
shahristani said , " if they consider my participation essential , i 'll try to convince them otherwise . but if they 're not convinced and they ask me to take a role , i can not refuse . i must serve the iraqi people . "
designer of collapsed charles de gaulle airport terminal returned to the site to inspect
after the collapse of france 's charles de gaulle airport terminal 2e , the original designer , andreu , returned today to inspect the site .
terminal 2e collapsed last sunday , killing four people .
once he arrived in paris from beijing , andreu went straight to the boarding lounge of terminal 2e to hold a meeting with the engineers .
a few days ago , andreu was in tiananmen in beijing supervising the construction project of china 's national theatre .
andreu declined to make any comment to the media .
earlier on , he indicated that he was stunned by this accident .
after the collapse of the concrete rings at terminal 2e , a 30-meter section of this futuristic tube-like structure collapsed .
airport director brun stated that if they could find substitutions for the boarding lounge , sections of terminal 2e that were not affected , such as the check-in counters , might be reopened in " several weeks . "
however , the boarding lounge itself would require " several months , even more than a year " before it can be reopened .
nonetheless , before the investigation into the collapse is completed , airport authorities will not allow the reopening of these facilities . if it is confirmed that design flaws have led to this accident , this 750-million ( u.s . $ 900-million ) structure will be torn down completely .
investigators were forced to evacuate because of new signs of collapse while assessing the scene yesterday .
airport authorities have already employed equipment as temporary supports for the teetering section and used fiberglass and other means to reinforce the pylons , citing that protecting the integrity of the scene is crucial to the investigation .
the airport 's management authorities also confirmed the media report that fissures several centimeters long had already appeared in many concrete pylons while the airport was still under construction .
investigators focused their investigation on design flaws , shortcuts in the construction process , and utilization of substandard materials .
female capital hill aid involved in sexual favors , internet sex diary causes huge commotion in washington
washington , dc , in the united states may be one of the places in the world where a summer sex scandal is most likely to happen . nevertheless , this year 's scandal season seems to have started earlier .
jessica cutler , a 24-year-old female aide of republican senator dewine , was dismissed last week after posting her sexual encounters on the internet .
after her blog was exposed , cutler , who used the alias " washingtonienne , " has now become a well-known figure in washington .
she used vivid writing with little disguise in her blog to describe her sexual experiences on capital hill and other places in washington . some of her partners were prominent figures , but their real names were withheld .
cutler 's blog , which has become a " must-read " for washington figures , includes descriptions of sexual favors , which she claims was to make up for her skimpy salary .
cutler writes in her blog , " most of my living expenses are thankfully subsidized by a few generous older gentlemen . "
she also says , " i 'm sure i 'm not the only one who makes money on the side this way : how can anybody live on $ 25k  year ? "
dewine 's office issued a statement on the 21st , stating that they have fired an entry-level staff member for using the public computer to " post unsuitable and offensive material on the internet . "
the statement did not give a name .
the statement says , " other inappropriate material was found in the employee 's office desk as well . "
many media outlets have invited cutler for interviews since the outbreak of the scandal .
at the interview with washington internet tabloid wonkette , cutler said that the reason she posted x-rated materials on the internet was not to gain celebrity .
wonkette was the first to report on cutler 's internet sex blog .
she said , " i wrote the blog not to ruin people 's lives . it was just for the amusement of me and my friends . "
she said that she has calmed down after being fired and has begun considering her next move .
key security council member states welcome us-britain resolution on iraq
with yet another 12 people being killed in the new insurgency in iraq , key united nations security council members welcomed the new resolution proposed by the united states and britain in regards to the issue of iraq . as for the future role played by the foreign troops in iraq , this remains unresolved .
members of the iraqi interim " governing council " responded calmly to the draft resolution .
the resolution did not specify when the us-led coalition troops would evacuate . it also gave the coalition troops extensive authority to maintain order and fight terrorism .
the resolution proposed by the united states and britain on monday approves of the recovery of a " sovereign iraq " under the interim government set up by the un secretary general 's envoy , brahimi .
ms . colonna , spokeswoman for the french president , revealed that president chirac told u.s . president bush over the phone that this resolution was a " good start for discussions " but still required amendments .
colonna , citing chirac as saying that the content of the resolution " contains some positive elements , while other sections are worth a continuing discussion so that they can clearly help the emergence of certain political prospects in iraq . "
german foreign minister fischer stated that this us-britain resolution was a " good starting point , and work to improve the plan can now begin . "
russian foreign minister lavrov stated firmly that russia would only discuss this resolution after a new " legitimate " iraqi interim government is formed .
iraqi governing council members indicated that they were worried that the future government would not be able to fully exercise its sovereignty after the transfer of power from the us-led coalition troops on june 30 .
the president of the governing council , allawi , stated that some areas of the above-mentioned resolution " do not conform to our expectations . " for instance , iraq should have control of foreign troops and the reconstruction fund .
us and britain deny having conflicting visions on iraq 's future
britain and the united states today showed that they held a unanimous opinion on iraq 's future .
on the other hand , scores of fighters for radical cleric sadr were killed in a clash with coalition troops in najaf .
a prominent russian energy company decided to pull out of iraq because of the death of several russians in another attack .
after signs revealing that britain and the united states were at odds on whether the iraqi interim government should have any say in controlling the foreign troops in iraq after its establishment on june 30 , leaders of both countries denied such a thing .
british prime minister blair stated firmly that he and the united states both agreed that british troops should be under the command of the united states .
in the house of commons , blair said , " we are both absolutely agreed that there should be full sovereignty transferred to the iraqi people and the multinational force should remain under u.s . command . "
he separated the strategic decisions from the running of operations and believed that the strategic decisions should go to the iraqi interim government , while the running of operations should go to the commander of the coalition forces .
the united states also insisted that britain and the united states had no dispute .
boucher , spokesperson for the state department said , " prime minister blair already explained it clearly in the house of commons this morning .
the spokesperson for prime minister blair also issued a statement today .
i have read all the materials . i can guarantee that we have no dispute . "
as for the ground clash in iraq , deputy director for coalition operations , brigadier general kimmit , said that " a large number " of militia were killed in last night 's clash between the coalition troops and sadr 's militia .
he said that what he meant by large number is " less than 100 people . "
a spokesperson for sadr also stated that a key lieutenant and three of sadr 's assistants were captured in a surprise attack in najaf at dawn by u.s . troops .
british youth plots internet hoax to lure internet friend into murdering him
manchester crown court in northwestern britain tried a bizarre attempted suicide case today . a british youth posed as an espionage agent on an internet chat room and exhausted all tortuous means simply for the purpose of convincing an internet friend to murder him .
the chief judge said , " any skilled writers of science fiction would struggle to conjure up a plot such as that which arises here . "
the victim in this plot was only known as boy b . he fabricated several complicated characters and used them to communicate with a 16 year old , boy a . he finally convinced boy a that he was recruited by british secret services , and his mission was to murder boy b . he would be given a job and would be able to have sex with a 39-year-old female " secret agent " after the mission was accomplished .
according to the court hearing , boy a executed the " order " to kill his friend last june , and he had received previous information that this friend had cancerous tumors in his chest and stomach .
nevertheless , boy b survived the attack . the police sieved through 56,000 lines of chat room text between boy a and a multitude of real and fictional internet chat room friends to piece together this appalling story .
after boy a pleaded guilty to attempted murder , he was sentenced by the judge to a two-year supervision order , while boy b was given a three-year supervision order and banned from using the internet chat room for perverting the course of justice and inciting to murder .
while explaining boy b 's plot , detective ross , the head detective of the case , said , " this is incitement to murder , his own murder .
i have never seen such a case before . "
while judge madison told boy a that under normal circumstances , attempted murder was subjected to lengthy sentences , " these could not be described as normal circumstances . "
ross stated that there was absolutely no indication from boy b 's background why he would want to die .
eu-latin america summit expects broader participation in world affairs by nations
in today 's summit , leaders of the european union and latin america called for more world nations to participate in international affairs decisions .
without mentioning the superpower role played by the united states , world leaders called for the u.n . to strengthen its influence , indirectly requesting that the united states drop its unilateralist mentality , and hoped for more international dialogue .
french president chirac circuitously criticized the u.s . predicament in iraq . he said , " to maintain security with force is a global issue and should be dealt with multilaterally so to have legitimacy . "
eu commission president prodi focused on social issues such as global terrorism , organized crime , poverty , and xenophobia to emphasize that not a single country " can confront all the problems and threats alone . "
spanish prime minister zapatero , at his first international summit after taking office , called for participating countries to put the emphasis on " fundamental themes , " such as a stronger united nations , respect for human rights , and the fight against terrorism and organized crime .
ahern , prime minister of the evolving eu presidency country ireland , also responded to the theme by saying , " what is clear is that states can not hope to deal with the many complex challenges existing on this small planet alone . "
fox , president of host country mexico , stated that europe , latin america , and the caribbean nations should play a more important role in the united nations .
eu-latin america summit concludes , leaders condemn abuse of prisoners by u.s . soldiers
leaders of the european union and latin america today concluded the summit that aimed at promoting trade and collaborative ties between the two regions . they condemned in unison the abuse of iraqi prisoners by u.s . soldiers and asked for countries to adopt multilateralism more often in international affairs .
in the concluding declaration , the 58 participating leaders from the european union , latin america , and the caribbean nations stated , " we energetically condemn all forms of abuse , torture , and other cruel , inhumane , and degrading treatment of prisoners , including prisoners of war , regardless of where this kind of incident happens . "
the declaration said , " we declare our abhorrence at recent evidence of the mistreatment of prisoners in the iraqi jail .
these abuses go against international law , including the geneva convention . "
without openly criticizing the united states , summit leaders appealed to the united nations to play a stronger role and suggested more international dialogue .
the summit called for the adoption of multilateral procedures in resolving pressing international issues and vowed to fight against all forms of terrorism .
french president chirac indirectly criticized the u.s . predicament in iraq by saying , " security issues that cause people to use force are now global ones and have to be resolved within a multilateral framework in order to handle them legitimately . "
chirac indicated that france believed that latin america should have representation in the united nations security council . france " supported the reform of the security council and the increase in the number of seats for permanent and non-permanent members of the security council . "
this was the first eu-latin america summit after the eastward expansion of the european union from 15 to 25 countries .
the european union sought to strengthen the trade relationship with latin america , while the united states sought a joint establishment of an american free-trade zone that stretches from canada to chile with latin america .
fuel prices reach record high , americans turn frugal by switching to gasoline-electric hybrid vehicles
u.s . gasoline prices reached record highs ; environmentalists finally have a chance to realize their dream : that vehicle owners will start to give up fuel-consuming luxurious sedans and switch to gasoline-electric driven gasoline saving vehicles .
americans ' gradually shrinking wallets not only show that their fervor for sports utility vehicles ( suvs ) has subsided , but they may also accelerate the long-term stagnate investment of the industry in alternate energy vehicles .
bruynesteyn , analyst of prudential equity group , stated today , " with gasoline prices reaching beyond $ 2 per gallon and with general concern over u.s . dependence on foreign oil , gasoline-electric hybrid vehicles are attracting more and more consumers , and the results naturally get the attention of investors . "
he said that the market scale for environmentally friendly hybrid vehicles was very small when honda first introduced one on the u.s . market in 1999 . however , when this country , which has been used to low fuel prices for a long time , faces the tendency of skyrocketing oil prices , this type of vehicle is expected to touch off the market this year . at present , hollywood stars such as harrison ford , tim robbins , and susan sarandon have all switched to hybrid vehicles .
only 43,435 gasoline-electric hybrid vehicles were sold in the united states last year , among which the honda civic claimed half of the sales .
close to 3,000 of this type of honda civic hybrid vehicle were sold last month alone , signifying a great increase in the overall sales of hybrid vehicles .
according to bruynesteyn , hybrid vehicles , whose fuel engine will only be turned on after the electricity is used up , " have the tendency to gradually enter the mainstream market . "
voters " okay " with retired general running for indonesian presidency
the election campaign for the indonesian presidential election began this week . two of the dominant candidates are retired generals who wish to lead this country that used to be ruled by authoritarian figures .
five candidates , including wiranto , former chief of the armed forces and yudhoyono , ex-coordinating minister of political and security affairs , launched their election campaigns in the world 's largest archipelago country on tuesday to fight for victory in the election on july 5 .
during this election , approximately 150-million voters will vote for their state leader through direct election for the first time . six years after the hand-over of power by its dictator suharto , this country is now taking a big step toward democracy .
none of the candidates is expected to win more than 50 percent of the votes in the first round of voting in order to win the election . according to analysts , wiranto , yudhoyono , and current president megawati are the candidates who will most likely become candidates who enter the second round of voting to have a two-candidate competition on september 20 .
no doubt , indonesian voters can accept soldiers . and analysts also stated that the presence of the two former generals would not threaten the newly emerging democratic politics of the country .
one of them suffered harsh criticism of infringing on human rights .
hanke , advisor to former president habibe said , " they will not pose any threat to democracy as long as they accept democratic ideas and follow democratic rules . "
hanke said , " what makes many people worry is the truth that during the transition to democracy , military thinking will still be influential and a part of the political discussion . this gives civilians a sense of insecurity . "
u.s . wwii memorial opens , bush praises veterans ' achievements
several thousand u.s . veterans participated in the opening ceremony of the wwii memorial in washington today to commemorate the 400,000 u.s . soldiers who were killed in wwii .
during his speech , u.s . president bush praised the contributions of the 16-million soldiers who participated in wwii .
the organizer arranged for more than 110,000 seats outside the national mall to receive the former navy , army , air force , and marine veterans and their families . many participants were in wheelchairs and wearing the medals they received 60 years ago .
kerry , who was competing for the democratic presidential nomination , former presidents clinton and bush senior were all present .
u.s . president bush avoided mentioning iraq in his address and only thanked an entire generation for its sacrifice . he said , " at this place , at this memorial , we acknowledge a long-standing debt to an entire generation of americans : those who died , those who fought and worked and grieved and went on . they saved our country , and thereby saved the freedom of the world . "
bush also thanked other americans for their sacrifice and frontline support . bush also praised former democratic president roosevelt for leading the united states through wwii .
the u.s . congress passed the legislation 17 years ago to build the wwii memorial , but construction was not finished until now .
the cost of the memorial was us $ 175-million . apart from the main structure , there are also pavilion pillars and arches of the atlantic war zone , the pacific war zone , the u.s . mainland , and its territories . in addition , there is a fountain and a wall engraved with 4,000 gold stars , signifying the 400,000 u.s . soldiers who were killed in wwii .
preparation of new iraqi government in progress , riots in najaf resurface
while riots resurface in the holy city of najaf in iraq and the preparation for the set up of the new government is in progress , yawer , the muslim sunni president of the governing council , is considered a possible candidate for the first presidency of post-hussein era .
arab media have already released all kinds of unverified reports regarding the makeup of the iraqi interim government . however , several positions including the presidency are still up for grabs .
this government will take over the administration after the return of sovereignty on june 30 .
yawer , the current president of the governing council , is expected to be more likely to win than pachachi , who is supported by the united states . the presidency is by and large a symbolic position .
alzin , member of the governing council told the reporter today , " unless the united states interferes , yawer will definitely be the president . " he also emphasized that the governing council supports the nomination of yawer .
the council is now trying to eliminate the opposing attitude of bremer , us administrator of iraq . according to some sources , bremer hopes that pachachi will be the president .
allawi , the appointed prime minister candidate who was once a dissident in exile and the organizer of a coup d ' �t at supported by the us central intelligence agency , is now being criticized for his suspected alliance with the united states .
an iraqi official who declined to reveal his name warned that the people of the country would believe that the 58-year-old allawi was appointed by the united states .
during this fierce political struggle , even though the militia under the radical cleric sadr has ceased fire with the u.s . soldiers , the riots in the shiite holy city of najaf are still rampant .
bubble holds despite steep drop in australian real estate sale
real estate sale in sydney has reached record low in 15 years this weekend . however , analysts stated today that the growth of the australian real estate market is slowing down and the bubble for housing prices will not burst .
among the 221 real estate properties auctioned off in sydney this weekend , only 90 of them were sold . the steep drop in sale has stunned real estate agents and industry specialists alike .
this situation translated into a transaction rate of only 32.3 percent , which was lower than the important 40 percent mark and was the lowest since 1989 .
economic specialists stated that the new tax levied by the government on investment real estate sale effective today might have contributed to the low transaction volume .
in the past two years , investors have made use of the benefit of the low interest rate to raise the price of australian real estate market artificially . the market is overheated by the high resale rate and the continuous rising of real estate prices , thus causes the fear that the bubble will eventually burst .
the central bank worries that household debt will continue to grow , while the two interest rate increases it implemented at the end of last year have already produced a curbing effect : first time homebuyers are withdrawing from the transaction market .
however , industry forecaster bis shrapnel pointed out in its three-year residential property prospect report that even though the demand of first time homebuyers has shrunk and the investment activities have decreased , the short-term real estate market will continue to be active due to the strong demand for changing houses and migration .
the report showed that the steady low interest rate of 5.25 percent , low unemployment rate , and stable economic growth will sustain the demand for real estate , thus housing prices will not collapse .
emphasis on renewable energy revives as oil prices go up
" the middle east crisis provokes a rise in oil prices . . . worries over world oil reserve deepen . . . wind power and solar energy : new energy of the future . "
do they look familiar ? these were the front-page headlines of many newspapers in 1974 . nevertheless , these headlines may also appear in today 's newspapers .
the new middle east war in 2004 , the huge increase in demand from china and india , and the uncontrolled consumption of the united states , all these factors together have created another " oil crisis " .
the focus of discussion of the people once again returned to the issue of the decrease in crude oil reserve .
wind power , solar and wave energy are again described as future energies that are cheap and clean while oil is energy that is dirty and easily crippled by politics .
however , will these " renewable energies " avoid another false reinvigoration similar to the one brought about by the drop in oil prices and the drying up of investment in green energy in 1980s that had lasted for ten years ? an important international conference scheduled to open in bonn on june 1 may provide an answer to this question .
this four-day conference hosted by germany is convened according to the promise made at the " 2002 world summit on sustainable development . " the meeting will reveal the names of large producers of alternate energy around the world and provide an opportunity for specialists and decision-makers to discuss ways of encouraging the use of these energies .
according to the international energy agency 's statistics , in 2000 , renewable energy only made up 5 percent of the world energy supply while oil accounted for 38 percent , coal and natural gas 50 percent , and nuclear energy 7 percent .
according to estimates , in 2030 , renewable energy will only have a small increase to 6 percent while oil will almost remain unchanged , constituting 37 percent .
india 's two difficulties : food shortage resolved but followed by obesity
nutritionists claimed that while india is doing its best to eliminate malnutrition , the elite class in indian cities is facing another kind of food crisis . their luxurious life style and greasy food have caused their body weight to shoot up .
gyms have grown like mushrooms in major indian cities . the blooming economy signifies that the indians have more money and fat to burn .
lati is a prosecutor and a mother of two children . she finally paid her price for the greasy indian food , ice cream , and sweets last year .
she spent inr 24,000 ( us $ 530 ) to join a health promotion center in new delhi .
she said , " i have lost 25 kilograms in four months .
now , i walk for an hour in the morning and at night . i weighed 96.5 kilograms before . i could n't even walk a few steps . "
despite frequent reports of food shortages in india , the situation is much better than that in 1943 during the british control when 4-million people died in the great famine . being self-sufficient in its food supply is what india takes most pride in after its independence .
according to an investigation by the united nations , among the indian population of over 1-billion people , at least 21 percent still suffers from malnutrition .
data of the independent indian nutrition foundation show that among the high-income group in india , 50 percent of women and 32 percent of men are overweight .
the lack of exercise , plus the greasy indian food and the invasion of western fast food cause india to have to fight the obesity problem after it 's rid of malnutrition .
specialists : asians facing increasingly serious obesity problem
from company executives who continue to work hard in the concrete jungle and face tremendous stress for a long time to residents of the pacific islands where palm trees sway gracefully everywhere , millions of asians are being attacked by the silent killer - obesity .
in the last two decades , because of the continuous improvement in living standards , asia is gradually getting rid of poverty but new problems have arisen .
the population of the entire region is becoming fatter and fatter .
in the meeting held in geneva on the 26th of this month , specialists of the world health organization passed a new policy that aimed at tackling the obesity problem . this issue was once considered as mainly an american problem .
obesity has become a global problem nowadays . many asian country governments just started to realize the impacts of obesity on government 's national healthcare and the society .
galia , chronic disease advisor of the asian regional office of the world health organization said that since obesity appears gradually in all societies , no measures were taken before .
galia said , " unlike bird flu or severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) , obesity and its accompanying problems do not have any immediate impacts .
obese children are being called healthy children . "
the world health organization stated that over 1-billion of the world adult populations are considered overweight , among which , at least 300-million are considered obese .
obesity related diseases , which include cardiovascular disease and diabetes also greatly increase . it is especially serious in the asian pacific region .
controversies plague iraqi presidential candidacy , new clashes rock ceasefire agreement
while iraqi interim government will be formed within a month , iraqi political figures and the coalition troops engage in endless disputes over who should be the president . meanwhile , a series of attacks occurred in the holy city of najaf , making the originally very fragile ceasefire agreement falling apart .
the duty of the iraqi president is more of a formality than practice . however , who will become the first iraqi president after hussein 's era bears important symbolic significance .
according to iraqi and coalition officials , the iraqi governing council supports sunni muslim tribe elder yawer while the highest us administrator of iraq bremer and un envoy brahimi fix their mind on the experienced sunni politician pachachi .
because of this dispute , the iraqi governing council has postponed the decision of selecting the new president to monday .
at the same time , a us patrol was attacked in the holy city of najaf at around 9 a.m . today .
in addition , armed suspects opened fire at three recreational vehicles on a busy street northwest of baghdad , killing at least two iraqis and injuring five .
two insurgents were killed at the scene when the mortars they were burying at the roadside of an oil refinery in northern baghdad accidentally exploded .
insurgents attacked a convoy on a highway in northwestern baghdad , killing one iraqi while four british escaped the calamity .
the u.s . army signed a ceasefire agreement with the radical shiite cleric sadr and his militia four days ago . the agreement has become shaky due to these attacks .
gotland island , the best testing ground for curbing petrified fuel addiction
the green dream of utilizing the sun , wind , and water as an energy source may soon be realized on gotland island located in the middle of the baltic sea . this huge swedish island hopes to stop using any kind of petrified fuel by 2025 .
gotland island was once the center of trade of the vikings . its capital , visby , has already been listed as a site of world heritage by the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization .
however , gotland island 's everlasting heritage may well be the fact that it shows the world the compatibility between the clean energy and a modern economy . this green objective , rebuked by supporters of oil , gas , and coal as a pipe dream , has become the focus of a discussion at the international alternate energy conference opened in the city of bonn in germany today .
gotland island , with an area of 3,140 square kilometers and 58,000 residents , is sweden 's top tourist attraction . the island 's magnificent scenery and excellent beaches attract 700,000 tourists to visit and stay every year .
the island has one of northern europe 's largest pottery factories cementa ab . this factory alone consumes half of the energy supply of the island .
the mixed economy makes gotland island the ideal venue for experimenting with ecological changes .
gotland has the longest continuous sunshine in sweden and the best wind resource in europe . all these assets motivated it to launch the green movement in the 1990s that promotes the program of staying away from oil and other petrified fuels that pollute .
wind power is a start . currently , gotland has 157 windmills that supply 20 to 25 percent of the island 's electricity demand . with solar energy , in july when the days are windy and sunny , the island is almost self-sufficient in its electricity .
if taken into consideration of all the energy demand , sustainable energy still accounts for only 10 percent of the island 's total demand .
bush salutes fallen soldiers at memorial day commemorative ceremony
u.s . president bush saluted the u.s . soldiers who sacrificed their lives in iraq and afghanistan during the memorial day commemorative ceremony held at the arlington national cemetery in virginia today .
bush said that not only did the " fierce courage " displayed by these warriors freed more than 50-million people from " two terror regimes " , it also made the united states safer .
during the ceremony , bush laid a wreath on the tomb of the unknowns to show his respect for the u.s . soldiers who were killed on the battlefield .
bush addressed the ceremony with the company of defense secretary rumsfeld and chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general myers .
before that , a soldier played " taps " , the song played during military funerals and commemorative activities .
bush said , " through out our history , america has gone to a war reluctantly , because we have known the cost of a war . "
bush stated , " and the war against terror we 're fighting today has made us pay a great cost .
since the moment this nation was attacked , we have clearly seen the character of the men and women who wear our country 's military uniform . "
he said , " in places like kabul , kandahar , mosul , and baghdad , we have seen their decency and their brave spirit .
because of their fierce courage , america is safer now , two terror regimes are gone forever and more than 50-million souls now live in freedom . "
on may 29 , president bush participated in the opening ceremony of the newly built memorial for the u.s . soldiers who died in the wwii .
coalition troops postpone decision on iraqi presidential candidate
us-led coalition troops today proposed a dark horse , chalabi , as one of the possible candidates for iraq 's new presidency .
however , due to fierce competition , the coalition troops have decided to postpone the meeting to select the new president scheduled for today until tomorrow .
on the other hand , a coalition official said that the u.s . troops have agreed to suspend their patrol in the shiite 's holy city of najaf in order to uphold the wavering ceasefire .
in baghdad , a car bomb killed at least four and injured scores of people today .
this incident deepens people 's worry that many bloody incidents will happen in the next 30 days before the end of the occupation of the coalition troops on june 30 .
due to the fierce political struggle with the iraqi governing council , the coalition troops have decided to postpone the meeting to decide the candidate for the first president of iraq 's post-hussein era to tomorrow .
a senior official of the coalition troops said that the possibility of the two sunni muslim competitors pachachi and yawer serving in this mostly symbolic position has been eliminated .
this official , who asked to be anonymous , said , " the rumor about yawer and pachachi competing against each other is a total concoction .
we are now seeking a president who is a non-governing council member and two thirds of the ministers candidates . "
according to iraqi and coalition officials , the iraqi governing council supports sunni muslim tribe elder yawer while the highest us administrator of iraq bremer and un envoy brahimi fix their mind on the experienced sunni politician pachachi .
however , according to a source of the iraqi governing council , chalabi , the confidant of a relative of former dictator hussein who is also related to us democratic party and the central intelligence agency , will be the third possible candidate to be considered .
public smoking ban starts in norway
norway became the second nation in the world after ireland to implement a nationwide total ban on public smoking today . from now on , norwegians who go drinking at the bars or dine at restaurants will be forced to put out their cigarettes .
according to the official statement , this ban aims at protecting bars and restaurants ' employees from inhaling second-hand smoke by exposing them to a smoking work environment .
for each patron who smokes in their restaurants or clubs , restaurant or club owners will be fined nok 1,500 ( us $ 225 ) , with a possible maximum penalty of having to close down .
smoking areas have also become history nowadays . smokers must go out to the sidewalk in order to satisfy their cravings .
inside oslo 's " american bar " , the loud speaker was playing " the final countdown , " a popular rock and roll song in 1980 . patrons were enjoying their last indoor cigarettes . at the stroke of midnight , the employees at the bar collected all the ashtrays and broke them inside a big plastic tray .
a patron told agence france presse , " the employees should be allowed to enjoy a smoke-free work environment . "
for patrons who turned in their package of cigarettes , the bar would provide a free beer so they could enjoy it during their next visit . elsa , the waitress , also gave out snacks , hoping it would bring some comfort to those smokers who were painfully banned from smoking for the first time .
she said , " i am a smoker myself . however , it is a good thing to be able to work in fresh air . "
according to a survey on 400 bar and restaurant owners conducted by a norwegian television station , 80 percent of the owners believed that they could carry through the ban .
this ban also hopes to encourage many norwegians to quit smoking .
wwf : chemicals damage children 's intelligence , legislative control badly needed
the environmental protection group world wildlife foundation ( wwf ) released a report today stating that man-made chemicals are compromising the intelligence of european children - damaging their memory and intelligence level . it also called for legislative regulations of the chemical industry .
the report titled " compromising our children " stated that various chemicals applied in our daily lives are damaging the brain development of children . they may also be the culprits of many impediments and an apparent increase in cases such as autism , attention deficit , and hyperactivity disorder .
wwf pointed out that a loss of one iq point would lead to a decrease of 2.39 percent in lifetime earnings . nevertheless , at present , the longer-term effects are still unclear .
wwf accused that even though the negative effects of various chemicals are widely known , there are almost 70,000 kinds of man-made chemicals on the market and most of them lack safety information .
at the time when the european union is discussing about enacting laws to regulate industrial chemicals , the target of concern in the wwf report are the children of european industrial regions , so as to arouse the attention of all circles to this issue .
however , ms . lyons , toxicology advisor to wwf told agence france presse that the damage chemicals caused to children is a global issue , especially in industrialized nations and regions surrounding the south and north poles .
chemical components are easily accumulated in the atmospheric layers in the south and north poles .
lyons added that information on the damage that chemicals caused to children in poor countries is extremely limited .
us senators show video exposing prison atrocities during hussein 's era
two us senators accompanied by seven iraqis showed a video depicting the atrocities at the abu ghraib prison under the old iraqi regime on wednesday .
the right hands of these seven iraqis were amputated because of their engagement in currency exchange trade in 1990s under hussein 's rule .
republican sen . santorum from pennsylvania told reporters that this 3 minute 45 second long video clipping was condensed from the original 90-minute video and was provided by the state department .
democratic sen . lieberman from connecticut stated that this video " is a powerful recall of the reason for which we freed iraq and the world from this monster ( saddam hussein ) , and at the same time , why the iraqi people and the entire world . . . will be happier after hussein stepped down . "
the video image showed the amputation of the hands of prisoners , including the seven iraqis present . it also showed a person being beheaded ; some prisoners ' tongues were cut off , while other prisoners howled in pain when iron bars broke their arms .
cadin , one of the seven iraqis said , " we have to prevent the sunni tribe from regaining political power . "
when asked whether hussein should be tried by an international court for his crime of inhumanity , he said , " i do n't care how hussein is tried , but iraqi people must participate in the trial . "
the american foreign policy council , a non-governmental organization , invited these seven aformentioned iraqi prisoners to washington and their expenses were subsidized by the us state department .
the state department had arranged meticulously for the appearance of these seven people in front of the media .
putin 's participation in d-day commemoration unprecedented for russian leaders
russian president putin will participate in the commemorative activities for the 60th anniversary of the normandy landing tomorrow , thus becoming the first russian leader to affirm this crucial attack campaign .
russian historians had always attached less emphasis on the significance of this landing operation and not until today have their attitudes changed .
putin 's presence in the d-day commemoration also reminds the world : russia played an important role in the allies ' defeat of nazi germany during the wwii .
when french president chirac sent out the invitation to putin in april , he stressed that russia had played " a vital role " in fighting against the nazis and specifically pointed out the battle of stalingrad from 1942 to 1943 .
in june 1941 , hitler invaded russia . it was on that soil that nazi germany exhausted its military strength .
the originally invincible hitler army first met with the tenacious resistance of the russians , and then turned back empty-handed .
the three years before june 1944 , russian leader stalin unceasingly urged the opening of western fronts to divert the nazi firepower from the east .
in the past , official russian historians always made light of the importance of the normandy landing while crediting the battles at stalingrad and kursk in 1943 for the downfall of nazi germany .
russian historians also insisted that the allies " intentionally " slowed down their operations . they asserted that the objective of the allies was to sacrifice the red army in order to completely weaken the strength of the german army .
the red army had paid a bitter price indeed . their total casualty reached 9 million soldiers , three times the combined casualties of the allies .
japanese prime minister sets for the g8 summit in the u.s .
officials said that japanese prime minister koizumi junichiro will participate in the g8 summit held in the united states this week and try to strike a balance between arab oil producing nations and the united states .
the united states has already been criticized for its intention to promote reforms in arab states .
japanese officials said that besides the uncertain factor of increase in energy cost , at present , the world economy does not have any danger of a downturn . the main theme of the g8 summit will be focused on the anti-terrorism plan proposed by iraq and the united states .
the great eight industrial nations include britain , canada , france , germany , italy , japan , russia and the united states .
leaders of these eight nations will hold their annual summit on an island in the state of georgia in southern united states from june 8 to 10 to discuss issues including the violent clashes in the middle east , the famine in africa , a freer international trade , and the stabilization of global growth .
since the last g8 summit in the city of evian in france last year , the two world largest economic systems , the united states and japan , have already shown vigorous growth while the european economy has also shown optimistic prospects .
the japanese manufacturing industry has undergone transformation and the banking industry has further decreased its bad debts , resulting in record high profits for many manufacturers , thus creating a more optimistic outlook .
koizumi junichiro continues to try his best to encourage businesses and consumers through his promise of reforms and the promotion of anti-deflation policy .
a ministry of foreign affairs official who participates in the japanese delegation for the g8 summit stated , " even though there may still be risk in oil prices after the opec meeting , the overall economic situation is very stable . "
palestinian resistance movement leader barghuti unyielding despite heavy sentence
barghuti , leader of the fatah group in the west bank and generally recognized as the spiritual prop of the palestinian resistance movement , was sentenced to five life sentences for murder by a tel-aviv court today .
barghuti was charged with being directly responsible for the four armed attacks which caused the deaths of five people . after being convicted three weeks ago , he was sentenced today .
his lawyer said that barghuti would not appeal the verdict .
he was also sentenced to two 20-year terms for joining a banned terrorist group and conspiring to instigate another attack .
when he was led away , barghuti said , " resistance movement shall succeed " and raised his hand to make a victory sign .
barghuti announced a statement of protest when entering the court , in which he declared , " our people will triumph . we will defeat these occupiers . "
when the judge began to read the verdict , barghuti interrupted him and requested to make a statement .
after the judge reluctantly agreed , barghuti spoke for five minutes mostly in arabic .
he stated in court , " the only way to independence is to continue resisting .
these occupiers are the ugliest colonists known to humankind . however , their power is fading away .
they 'd better begin preparing for their doom . "
he said , " i do n't care if i am sentenced to one , 10 , or 50 life sentences .
when the occupation ends , i will be free . "
palestinian authorities declared the verdict illegal and demanded the immediate release of baghuti .
not only is baghuti the representative of the palestinian parliament in ramallah , he is also widely considered as the potential successor of senior leader arafat to eventually become the highest leader of the fatah group .
the soon approaching g8 summit expects to affirm global economic performance
leaders of the g8 nations will gather at the state of georgia to attend the summit . it is expected that they will emphasize the current global economic performance as the best in 15 years . nevertheless , analysts pointed out that global economic recovery might be interrupted by the constantly high oil prices .
the heads of states and governments attending the summit from the 8th to the 10th will not be anxious to praise the improving economy because global security concerns and many other possible risks still exist at this time .
after meeting in new york last month , the finance ministers of the g8 nations stated that they believed the global economic growth from 2003 to 2004 was between 4 and 4.5 percent and it was the strongest in 15 years .
sung won sohn ( transliteration ) , chief economist of wells fargo bank pointed out that despite the expansion of economic strength and " the risk is clearly on the downside " , the latent threats include the slowdown of chinese growth and the prolonged instability in the middle east .
sung won sohn indicated , " what i 'm concerned about is all the things coming together .
higher interest rates , the oil price , the slowdown of chinese growth , and even the us dollar appreciation , all these things could come together which would hurt the us and chinese economies , and then the economies of other regions in the world . "
one of the imminent threats is the oil price .
oil prices recently exceeded us $ 42 per barrel . even though the oil prices have dropped , analysts pointed out that the prolonged high oil prices might interrupt global recovery .
quinlan , chief market strategist at bank of america said that oil prices and economic prospects are interlinked with the global security outlook .
thus , the g8 nations must concern themselves with how to stabilize iraqi 's situation and to prevent major terrorist attacks from happening to sustain a continuous recovery .
rumsfeld concludes asian visit , fails to convince bangladesh to send troops to iraq
us defense secretary rumsfeld concluded his visit to bangladesh today and set to return to the united states .
nonetheless , bangladesh reiterated that it would only send troops to iraq under the command of the united nations .
after meeting with rumsfeld on the night of the 5th , bangladesh 's foreign minister morshed khan told reporters that their discussions on the issue of sending troops to iraq were only " chit-chats . "
however , he then added , " our position has never changed . bangladesh is the world 's largest contributor of peacekeeping forces . however , we always have worked under the command of the united nations . "
us ambassador to bangladesh thomas stated that rumsfeld and bangladesh officials have reviewed all kinds of issues ranging from international terrorism to freedom of speech and religion .
rumsfeld was the first us defense secretary to visit bangladesh .
while being asked about the issue of whether he urged bangladesh to send troops to iraq , rumsfeld told the accompanying reporters , " if i answered that question and said ' yes ' , obviously it would suggest that i have asked them which i have n't .
and if i said ' no ' , it would imply we did n't want them to send troops .
in either case , it would be not good ( to say so ) .
it 's up to each country to decide what it is they 'd like to do , and i 'm sure each country is perfectly capable of making such decisions . "
bangladesh is the third largest predominately-muslim nation . it is against the us-led invasion of iraq and stressed repeatedly that it would only send troops to iraq under the command of the united nations .
myers : withdrawal date of us army from iraq undetermined
general myers , chief military advisor to us president bush said today that he could not provide a definite date as to when the occupation troops would withdraw from iraq .
us chairman of joint chiefs of staff myers told the media at the city of wiesbaden in germany , " when to withdraw will probably depend on the progress of events . i do n't think we can set a date on it . "
he stated , " i do n't think we can set an official date on it , but clearly we would expect the security of iraq to improve by this fall or early next year before the election comes . "
when the us-led troops will withdraw from iraq has become a hot discussion topic .
ever since the united states and britain submitted a resolution to the united nations security council regarding the transfer of political power to the iraqis at the end of june , the withdrawal of troops has become a focus of debate for all sides .
an early draft initiative submitted by britain and the united states proposed the ending of the decree of the us-led troops in iraq " upon completion of the political process " , that is the completion of the drawing up of the constitution and the election of a new iraqi government .
according to the temporary constitution , the election of the national assembly will be completed by january 31 , 2005 .
the new members of the parliament will then begin to draft the constitution and prepare for the election of a permanent government .
in october 2005 , the constitution drawn up by the parliament must be put to a referendum and the election of the government must be held on december 15 .
if the draft constitution is vetoed , the parliament will be dissolved and an election will be held again to elect new parliament members .
the newly elected parliament members will draft a new constitution by the end of 2006 .
us generals in iraq indicated in march this year that they expected us troops to stay in iraq for at least two more years .
tens of thousands of americans pay last respects and say farewell to reagan
after president reagan , one of the most beloved leaders in american history passed away from illness , more and more people wanted to pay their last respects and say farewell to him . in california , tens of thousands of people lined up all night to enter the tightly secured reagan presidential library to pay their last respects and say farewell at his flag-covered casket .
after mrs . nancy reagan put her face gently against the casket to say goodbye to her husband on the 7th , the library then opened for the public to pay their respects through 11 p.m . tonight ( taipei time 2 p.m . on the 9th ) . reagan 's body will then be airlifted to washington for the first state funeral in the united states in 31 years .
in order to allow more people to pay their respects to reagan , the reagan presidential library extended the hours for public mourning for five hours .
after reagan 's body arrived at the library in simi valley on the 7th , the library authority planned to have five days of memorial service to pay respects to reagan .
a memorial service was held after the body arrived at the library . after the service , the fragile mrs . reagan touched the casket and bid farewell to her husband to whom she had been married for 52 years and put her face against the casket with tears running down .
this was the first public appearance of this 82-year old former first lady after reagan 's death on the 5th . after this brief memorial service , reagan 's casket was open for viewing for tens of thousands of people to let them pay their last respects .
reagan was america 's 40th president . he passed away at the age of 93 after struggling with alzheimer 's disease for 10 years .
after his casket is sent to washington tomorrow , a state funeral will be held on the 11th .
us attorney general withholds document to white house from congress
us attorney general ashcroft has refused to hand over to the senators a memo from the department of justice to the white house . according to sources , the content of the memo suggested to the white house that torture could be used in " anti-terrorism " interrogations .
the washington post reported that an august 2002 memo from the department of justice to the white house responding to a legal advice request from the central intelligence agency stated that international laws prohibited torture , " if applied in interrogation ( during a war against terrorism ) , then it may be a violation of the constitution . "
however , ashcroft refused to hand this memo over to the members of the senate judiciary committee .
ashcroft said , " we believe that to provide this kind of information would impair the ability of advice-giving in the executive branch to be candid , forthright , thorough and accurate at all times . "
he told the senators , although " this administration opposes torture , " he could not provide the specific details of the communications between the department of justice and the white house .
he added , " the congress has the right to ask any question it wants . "
nonetheless , he said , " there are certain things , that in the interest of the executive branch operating effectively , that i believe it is inappropriate for the attorney general to say . "
democratic senators were furious with ashcroft 's refusal to hand over the document .
democratic senator biden then warned , " you may be in contempt of congress . "
he said , " you have to answer my question . " the department of justice had better have a good reason not to hand over the memo .
new collisions between us and france changed tone at g8 summit
just one day into the opening of g8 summit , the newly emerged atmosphere of solidarity between nations on both sides of the atlantic started to change tone because of the new collisions between us and france and disagreements among leaders on iraqi external debt issues .
following the settlement of bilateral disputes through a new un resolution on post-war iraqi sovereignty , the united states and france once again ran into collisions as to what role nato will play in iraq .
after having breakfast with his no . 1 ally , british prime minister blair , bush said , " we will at least continue our role in iraq with nato 's allied countries , and hope to further expand it . "
bush said , " obviously , such an expectation will come up against some resistance .
many nato countries are not prepared to send more troops to iraq , and we can fully understand their stance . "
french president chirac , who posed strongly against us attacks in the first place , immediately raised oppositions after bush 's talk .
chirac said , " i do n't think it is nato 's purpose to intervene in iraq .
what 's more , i do n't feel that it would be opportune nor necessarily well understood . "
he said , " i am totally reserved about bush 's initiative . "
countries also have different views on iraq 's huge foreign debts .
an anonimous official said that g-8 leaders had agreed to forgive " a substantial portion " of iraq 's us $ 120-billion in foreign debts , but did n't accept the 90% quota raised by the united states .
a russian officer said the russian president putin planned to forgive the debts by 65% in exchange for russian involvement in iraqi reconstruction .
ruling christian democrats come out top in dutch eu vote
the christian democrat cda , the main party in the netherlands ' governing coalition , came out on top in the european parliament election , although with a lower share of the vote than in 1999 , according to near complete results .
with 99.9 percent of votes counted , the cda won 24.4 percent , 2.6 percent down on the last euro election here .
they win seven seats in the european parliament as do the opposition social democrat pvda .
the social democrat pvda secured 23.6 percent of the vote , a rise of 3.5 percent over its 1999 figures .
voter turnout became a key issue in the netherlands where the eurosceptic voice is strong .
this time the figure was 39.1 percent , a significant increase on 1999 ' s 29.9 percent .
a surprising result of the election was the good showing of europe transparant , which was taking part in the european parliament elections for the first time , had won over seven percent of the vote , securing two parliamentary seats .
europe transparant was a party set up to fight corruption in eu institutions .
the cda 's two coalition partners , the liberal vvd and the centrist d66 both lost percentage share , garnering 13.2 percent and 4.2 percent respectively .
the directly-elected european parliament has 732 seats , of which 48 will come from the netherlands proportionated to its population .
voting for the assembly in the 25 eu states is stretched from 10 to 13 .
four dead and 28 injured in kashmir hotel grenade attack
indian police said 4 people were killed and 28 injured , most of them tourists , when militants today hurled a grenade at a hotel in pahalgam .
pahalgam is a popular holiday spot in restive indian kashmir .
" militants today hurled a grenade at purnima hotel which exploded inside the dining hall , " a police spokensman said .
the blast occurred at 4:30pm , when pahalgam was teeming with tourists from all over india as well as weekend revellers from the kashmir region , he added .
several of the injured were in a critical state , while six were children . one of those killed was visiting from the western commercial hub of bombay .
a lesser-known islamic militant group , al nasereen , immediately claimed responsibility for the attack .
a spokesman for the group claimed the attack in a telephone call to the local current news service agency , the police spokesman said .
the caller had said : " indians have no justification in visiting a disputed area . "
he also warned the group would carry out similar attacks , blaming trourists for " spreading obscenities . "
the blast comes as the new indian government and moderate separatists prepare to start peace talks on the future of kashmir .
witnesses said the blast triggered panic in this area .
voting starts on final day of eu polls
voting started today on the fourth and final day of eu-wide voting to elect a new european parliament , clouded by apathy and a surge in support for eurosceptic parties .
nineteen of the european union 's 25 member states were going to the polls in the biggest transnational elections in the world , and the first since the bloc 's expansion into ex-communist europe on may 1 .
eu leaders have pulled out all the stops to persuade people to vote to choose 732 members of parliament .
as the eu 's only directly-elected body , public support underlined the parliament 's fast-growing powers within the expanding bloc .
" i 'm very worried that a low turnout everywhere could produce very strange results and even result in anti-european organisations being elected , " eu enlargement commissioner guenter verheugen said on the eve of voting .
seven countries already voted over the first three days of eu voting : britain and the netherlands on the 10th , the czech republic and ireland from the 11th and italy , latvia and malta 12th .
results are set to be published after the last ballots close this evening at 20:00 gmt ( 4:00 taipei time ) .
the polls are widely expected to leave the centre right in charge of the eu assembly , with social democrats in second place .
powell says errors in terrorism report " understandable , " vows quick correction
errors in data collection and analysis that led the us state department to falsely conclude that terrorist attacks declined worldwide last year are " understandable " and will be corrected shortly , secretary of state colin powell said .
" it 's understandable errors were made , " powell said .
powell insisted as he has since the mistakes were uncovered last week that the department had not intentionally tried to mislead the public into believing that the us-led war on terrorism had reduced the threat of attack .
" it 's not anything that 's mysterious and i think we 'll be able to reconcile the data over the next couple of days and then we 'll make a full announcement , " he said after meeting with jordan 's king abdullah ii at a washington hotel .
powell went on saying , " i have an understanding of how the mistakes were made and now what we have to do is make sure that we 've got it fixed and we 've got the right data .
it will not be as shocking as people are speculating upon . "
some in washington have suggested that the annual " patterns of global terrorism " report purposefully misstated the number of attacks in 2003 in an election-year effort to show that us president george w . bush 's hardline anti-terrorist policies were working .
the report , published april 29 , had said that incidents of terrorism fell in 2003 to their lowest number since 1969 and represented a 45-percent decrease those recorded in the year of september 11 terrorist attacks .
it also recorded a nearly 58-percent drop in fatalities and a nearly 21-percent drop in injuries .
us will hand hussein over to new iraqi authorities within two weeks
the united states will hand former iraqi leader hussein over to the new iraqi government for trial within two weeks , the country 's interim prime minister allawi said on the qatar-based al-jazeera television channel .
" the transfer of hussein and the others ( former iraqi leaders now in detention ) will take place within two weeks , " allwai said .
" yes , hussein and the others will be handed over to the iraqi government .
their trial will begin as soon as possible , god willing . "
if so , hussein would be out of us custody by the time that sovereignty is returned to iraq on june 30 .
in washington , a senior state department official said : " the issue of hussein is something we are discussing .
if the iraqis want him , we 're receptive to ideas to transfer him .
but i am not aware of any plan that 's been worked out on this . "
" still , if they 're going to push on it , we are not going to push back . "
hussein has been in us custody in an undisclosed location since his capture on december 13 last year , and is due to be tried along other members of his ousted regime by a special iraqi tribunal .
hussein is likely to be tried for the persecution of the shiite marsh arabs in southern iraq in the 1980s and 1990s , as well as for alleged war crimes against kuwait .
iran is also believed to be preparing a formal complaint against him for the torture of iranian prisoners captured during the 1980-1988 war .
a 20-member defense team appointed by hussein 's family has complained about not being able to meet him and accused the us authorities of holding him in breach of the geneva conventions .
us congress panel calls for overhaul of one china policy
us-china economic and security review commission of the us congress called today in its annual report for a thorough revamp of us policies towards china on economy and security .
the report described us policies towards china as inefficient and lopsided .
the report urged the government to conduct a " fresh assessment " of the sensitive one-china policy with regard to relations with taiwan .
the 12-member bipartisan panel also wanted us authorities to prevent foreign defense firms selling sensitive military-use technology to china from bidding security contracts in the united states .
us-china economic and security review commission also questioned china 's commitment to a peaceful resolution to the taiwan issue and preserve hong kong 's autonomy and self government under the one country , two systems formula .
the report particularly expressed alarm over china 's missile build-up against taiwan .
with regard to us-china economic and trade relations , the commission chairman robinson said the us-china economic relationship was " heavily imbalanced and undermines our long-term economic health . "
robinson said that us-china trade deficit in 2003 had hit 124-billion in us dollars .
he said beijing authorities " artificially manipulated " rmb exchange rate , suppressing value of the yuan by as much as 40 percent .
the report also claimed chinese government 's subsidy policies towards exporters and its poor enforcement of intellectual property rights have severely damaged us interests .
us policy towards china shows " lack of active management , lack of vision , lack of goal-setting and lack of practical achievements , " said commission vice-chairman richard d'amato .
us vows to appeal wto cotton ruling
mills , the chief spokesman for us trade representative zoellick expressed today that the united states would appeal a world trade organization decision that us cotton subsidies are unfair under wto trade rules , in a case brought by brazil .
mills said the united states had serious concerns with the final panel report and would wage an appeal after a close review .
a us official confirmed earlier today that the geneva-based world trade organization found us subsidies to cotton growers unfairly disadvantage brazilian farmers .
he said the final ruling was merely a reaffirmation of a preliminary april ruling from the wto .
this wto decision might set the stage for a much larger battle during ongoing agriculture negotiations to close the round of trade talks launched at doha .
the brazilian government said it was happy with the wto decision and hoped it could set a precedent .
brazilian officials estimated that global cotton prices would be 12.6 percent higher than the 1999-2002 average if not for the us subsidies .
data indicated american subsidies to cotton growers totalled 12.4-billion dollars over the 1999-2003 period .
the cotton case is seen as a test of the use of subsidies by wealthy nations to support their own agricultural products to the detriment of the developing world .
the wto ruling , if upheld , will force washington to reconsider its cash hand-outs and could trigger further challenges by poor countries against other subsidy schemes in the united states and elsewhere , trade experts say .
fair trade at center of us commerce secretary 's visit to beijing
us secretary of commerce evans will arrive in the ancient capital of xian later saturday for a week-long visit to china .
he is expected to champion fair trade and seek ways to lower a ballooning trade deficit with the chinese mainland .
during this 11-day , three-nation trip , evans will also visit the city of harbin and hold formal talks in beijing before heading on to the june 24 us-eu summit in ireland and a bilateral trip to mexico , us officials said .
" we are going to continue to look american workers in the eye , all across this country , and tell them we are going to be tough when it comes to enforcing our trade laws and maintaining a level playing field with the rest of the world , " evans said before departing washington .
he said : " we are also working to open chinese markets to more american exports .
as one of the leading exporters of manufactured goods , it is in china 's best interest to eliminate barriers to market access for united states companies . "
evans will stress the importance of china 's compliance with wto obligations and call on senior officials to eliminate barriers hindering trade , while seeking ways to lower china 's 124-billion dollar trade surplus with the us last year , the officials said .
with a broad measure of the us trade deficit exploding to a record 144.9-billion dollars in the first quarter of 2004 , china 's surplus with the us is likely to grow even bigger this year .
hacker hits south korean defense research institutes
a hacker has broken into computers at sensitive south korean research institutes and government agencies , namely the agency for defense development , which develops weapons , the korea atomic energy research institute , the korea institute for defense analysis and three other government agencies , the national cyber security centre , south korea 's cyber security authorities said today .
ncsc recently found some pcs at state agencies have been contaminated by a variation of peep trojan hacking programme and taken emergency measures , the agency said in a statement .
a total of 64 pcs were affected .
the three affected government agencies included the ministry of maritime affairs and fisheries , the maritime police agency and the agency for small and mid-sized firms .
the cyber security centre , in cooperation with the defense ministry , national police agency and the information ministry , blocked the hacker 's posting site to prevent sensitive data being stolen .
" currently , there is no danger of data being stolen as the site which was used by the hacker has been blocked , " it said .
but the cyber security centre failed to mention whether any information had been stolen before they took action .
the author of peep trojan , 30-year-old taiwanese wang ping-an , was arrested in may by taiwan 's internet crime investigation task force , the centre said .
wang did not steal data himself but when he was unable to sell his self-invented data-stealing virus , he got very angry and posted it on hackers ' web sites for free download .
the virus operates in attached e-mail files and jumps into action when a user opens these files and the hacker can get access to the victim 's computer data .
us hostage johnson 's decapitation caused grieves in small thai village
nong kung , a small village where the kidnapped american johnson and his thai wife had lived was plunged into mourning as the news of his decapitation in saudi arabia at the hands of al-qaeda militants spread about .
this tiny tight-knit community was shocked and struggling to cope with the terrible news , where the american husband of one of their own was brutally murdered and pictures of his beheading were posted on the internet .
johnson lived in riyadh , but maintained a home in nong kung which neighbours said they returned to about three times a year .
johnson , who worked for us defense contractor lockheed martin , was due to retire in one month after which he was expected to return with his wife to live in thailand .
a handful of other westerners live with their wives in the same village .
johnson 's body was found in a remote area of riyadh , jubeir , diplomatic adviser to saudi crown prince abdallah bin abdul aziz , said in washington .
saudi officials confirmed that johnson had been decapitated as a 72-hour deadline for his execution ran out .
prior to his execution , no results had been yielded despite frantic efforts to find him by saudi forces .
shortly after news broke of johnson 's death , saudi security forces reported killing four militants , including presumed al-qaeda chief in saudi arabia muqrin , whose group they said beheaded johnson .
johnson 's decapitation immediately triggered a wave of condemnation in the united states and around the world and a vow from president bush to avenge his death .
bush and political celebrities condemn ' barbaric ' beheading
president bush and other us officials today jointly condemned the beheading of johnson , a us engineer in saudi arabia as " barbaric " , as calls mounted for greater pressure on riyadh to crack down on terrorists .
an islamist website today showed grisly pictures of johnson , beheaded and his head placed on his back as he lay in a pool of blood .
with anger and revulsion sweeping the country over the gruesome death of johnson , an aeronautics engineer working for us defense contractor lockheed martin , the bush administration vowed to press on with its war on terror and to hunt down his al-qaeda kidnappers " one by one and destroy them . "
the killers are " trying to intimidate america . they 're trying to shake our will . they 're trying to get us to retreat from the world , " bush said during a campaign stop in the state of washington .
" america will not retreat , america will not be intimidated by these kinds of extremist thugs , " bush vowed .
we must pursue these people and bring them to justice before they hurt other americans . "
us vice president cheney also joined in the condemnation , saying in a speech in englewood , colorado , that the murderers " have no shame , not a shred of decency , and no mercy even for the innocent . "
democratic presidential candidate kerry , who has been critical of riyadh and its ties to bush , also had stern words for the saudis as he denounced the beheading as " a grotesque act . "
kerry said in a statement , " it is essential that we have the full cooperation of the saudi government in tracking down these terrorists and destroying al-qaeda .
terrorist fighting must be our nation 's highest priority . "
us pushes transgenic crops in africa
a west african nation , burkina faso , was the world 's first country to have accepted gm testing last year , although like most other countries in the region it is still worried about possible impact on human health and the environment . the us government monday will also sponsor a three-day conference here to sell the benefits of genetically modified seeds .
all 15 member countries of the economic community of west africa ( ecowas ) have been invited , and between 300 and 400 delegates including heads of state were expected to attend .
an official here said burkina faso was organizing the conference at us behest to " fill a gap in biotech information , particularly genetic engineering . "
date of the conference is yet to be determined .
" it would be a monumental error not to participate in the evolution of biotechnology , " said agriculture minister salif diallo .
" it 's in our interest to jump aboard the moving train even if we do n't travel first class , " he said .
burkina faso accepted proposals from the multinational monsanto corporation to test genetically modified cotton on its land . the modified crop was promoted as being immune to the helicoverpa bollworm , which destroyed up to half of the country 's cotton crop every year , but to be on the safe side it only allowed planting of transgenic cotton in certain areas .
the tests , which are expected to last several years before any decision on whether to go ahead with large-scale planting , are designed to find out how the modified seeds stand up in burkina faso 's arid climate .
us private rocket plane completes historic space mission
a us rocket plane spaceshipone was launched today from a specially made jet , becoming the first privately-financed manned flight into space in a landmark step toward opening up exploration beyond the earth 's atmosphere .
spaceshipone was launched from a specially made jet named white knight , with thousands of people watching at mojave airport in the california desert .
melvill , the 62-year-old pilot steering spaceshipone , has become the first to fly into space with a privately-financed spacecraft , aiming to reach an altitude of over 100 kilometers from the earth .
this winged white rocket plane looked as if there were pounds of bullets loaded , which had been designed by the 61 year old expert rutan and paid for by microsoft co-founder and billionaire allen .
allen said the investments for this project had added up to 20-million dollars .
the three-ton spaceshipone was launched from white knight at an altitude of 15 kilometers , then the engine ignited to power the rocket plane vertically into space .
the fuel could support an eighty-second flight , propelling the rocket plane upwards at a speed of about 3,500 kilometers per hour , 3.5 times that of sound velocity to a height of some 50 kilometers above the planet .
when the rocket 's fuel had been spent , spaceshipone still kept going up for about three minutes to a height of 104 kilometers .
" i feel very much honored as the one chosen , " said mike melvill , the south african-born pilot of spaceshipone .
during his trial flight on may 13th , he even managed to reach 64 kilometers , which was farther than any other privately financed mission into space .
" this time i hope to do equally as well , or even fly higher , and faster , " he said on the 20th .
arroyo moves to unite philippines after winning bitter election
philippine president arroyo vowed today to heal the bitterly-divided philippines after winning last month 's troubled elections , while warning of tough times ahead .
the disputed count of the may 10 vote finally concluded on the 20th after six weeks of bickering when congress announced that arroyo had beaten opposition candidate fernando poe by just over one-million votes .
the congress was expected to formally give arroyo a fresh six-year presidency mandate on the 25th or 26th .
he said after winning the election that she hoped the mainly roman catholic south east asian country would now move on .
" we will combine the rule of law and reconciliation process to consolidate our nation and prepare to meet tough times ahead , " arroyo said in a statement .
the filipino people have spoken and let us give room for unity and solidarity . "
completion of the count came after weeks of political tension and uncertainty , and there was repeated warnings that anti-government elements could exploit the election standoff to seize power or destabilize the government .
ex-vice president arroyo assumed the remaining three years of populist estrada 's term , when a military-backed popular revolt had ousted estrada in 2001 .
estrade was still in jail while being tried for corruption .
imf chief urges nations to cut deficits , control inflation
the imf managing director rato today urged governments to take advantage of economic good times to cut deficits and counter the impact of high oil prices on inflation with appropriate monetary policy .
on the first leg of a debut asian trip , rato urged washington to reduce its public deficit and called on beijing to " slow down " the red-hot chinese economy to a more sustainable pace .
rato met japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and finance minister sadakazu tanigaki on a two-day visit to tokyo that ended today . he will also visit beijing for two days , and move on to singapore on june 25 and hanoi june 26 .
despite high energy costs , rato remained optimistic about global growth for this year , which he estimated at " 4.6 percent or maybe higher . "
rato was confident that policymakers around the world would be able to contain the knock-on effect of high oil prices that have been pushed up by heightened middle east tension and strong global demand .
" the world economy is seeing a change in monetary policy and already markets have factored it in , " rato said , referring to expectations that the us federal reserve will raise short-term interest rates to pre-empt inflation .
" we think that monetary authorities and governments are vigilant regarding the knock-on effect , which could be damaging for the world economy , " he said , while adding that there has been no clear sign of increasing pressure on prices .
us commerce secretary urges china to deepen market reforms
us commerce secretary evans today urged china to adopt free-trade measures to accelerate transitions towards market economy .
he said government interference in economic matters was giving unfair advantages to chinese businesses and leading to instability .
" china must significantly reduce government micro-management of its economy and introduce a far higher level of transparency , among many other changes , before it can achieve a full transition to a market driven economy , " he said .
" market forces wo n't control china 's economy until there is a substantial roll back of ( government ) control over raw materials , the financial system , real estate , utilities and large enterprises within china . "
in some of the strongest us language yet on china 's economy , evans said beijing needed to deepen state-owned enterprise and financial reforms and level the playing field for all participants .
" it 's clear that us industry feels that many of china 's policies , including currency practices , place american companies at a significant competitve disadvantage , " evans said at a breakfast meeting with the american chamber of commerce .
" under state control , many chinese state-owned manufacturers are operating with the benefit of state sponsored subsidies , including rent , utilities , raw materials , transportation and telecommunication services . "
" strong trading relationships are based on partnership , not piracy , " he said , referring to the rampant pirating of us intellectual property in china .
who warns of a rapid spread of polio epidemic across africa
central and west africa are on the brink of the largest polio epidemic in recent years , the world health organisation warned after the disease appeared to have spread across the continent from nigeria to sudan 's strife-torn darfur region .
a child found paralysed by polio in darfur on may 20 was confirmed to have a form of the virus closely linked to the one that is endemic in northern nigeria , the who said in a statement .
until the new case , polio had not been seen in sudan for at least three years following successful mass vaccination campaigns .
" epidemiologists of the global polio eradication initiative have today issued a stark warning that west and central africa is on the brink of the largest polio epidemic in recent years , " the statement said .
the disease had spread through neighbouring chad in recent months , and transmission of the wild polio virus in the region " continues to accelerate at an alarming rate " , it added .
" what this adds up to is a virus and an epidemic that is gathering speed rather than slowing down at the end of the low season , " who polio expert aylward told journalists .
health experts fear that thousands of african children could be paralysed for life if a major epidemic takes hold in the autumn " high season " for polio .
but the global drive against the disease has been thwarted by the refusal of authorities in kano , northern nigeria , to allow polio immunisation and local fears about the safety of the vaccine , opening up a gaping hole in the who 's effort .
that has led to 257 cases in nigeria so far this year , almost five times the number of cases in the same period last year , according to the latest who data .
chechen rebels attack ingushetia , putin vows revenge
chechen rebels yesterday staged unprecedented strikes into a neighboring russian republic ingushetia , killing at least 57 people and putting moscow 's strategy for regional peace in grave doubt .
president putin vowed to " destroy " chechen rebels .
the rebels simultaneously struck 3 towns and 15 sites in ingushetia , setting fire to a police building and shutting off major roads in the region before disappearing in small groups back into chechnya .
an ingush who worked for the united nations , getazayev , was killed in a shootout in the largest local town , nazran .
the attacks dealt a severe blow to putin , who claimed russian troops were now only policing the region and were not involved in actual combat .
putin launched the once-popular war nearly five years ago and has since proclaimed it over and won on numerous occasions .
but he was forced to admit today that the region remained largely lawless .
putin vowed to station a new regiment in the region 's main airport as he made a snap trip to the ingush capital .
" this is another attempt to frighten the ingush , to frighten the republic 's leadership , and to destabilize the situation , " putin said in remarks broadcast on a state-run television .
putin was quite famous for a series of tough-worded remarks about the insurgents .
putin promised that only rebels who survive would be sued in court .
" we have to find and destroy them - - and whomever we can take alive , we have to put them before the courts , " putin said at an earlier government meeting in moscow .
internet appeals for bruce to take on bush
a new york music promoter and democratic activist rasiej has recentlyl started an internet drive to persuade bruce springsteen to headline a concert that he hopes will drown out the upcoming republican party convention .
the online petition calls on bruce springsteen to perform at giants stadium in new jersey on september 1 , the same day the republicans will formally nominate president bush to serve another term .
rasiej , who has hosted large-scale music festivals in the past , said he had also approached other high-profile acts such as r.e.m , bon jovi , dave matthews and sheryl crow , but springsteen holds the key .
rasiej said he had been emboldened to approach springsteen after the rocker posted on his official website a recent speech by former us vice president gore excoriating the bush administration .
" we want to create a platform for artists to come together and make people aware how important ( november 's presidential ) election is , " he said .
" we want to give americans an alternative message at a time when they are going to be sent controlled message through television and the republican party machine . "
giants stadium is located across the hudson river from madison square garden where the republican convention will be held .
rasiej said the petition , which was launched 10 days ago , had already attracted more than 50,000 signatures .
sharp differences remain as us and north korea hold bilateral meeting
sharp differences continue to hamper progress as north korea and the united states delegates participating in the third round of six-party talks today held their first bilateral contact since washington offered a new way out of the festering nuclear standoff .
the two main protagonists of the 20-month impasse held a rare two-hour meeting on the sidelines of six-party talks here , but they remain poles apart .
" i can not characterise what happened in the meeting but i can confirm the meeting took place , " a us embassy official said .
while attempting to put a positive spin on the standoff , both japan and south korea acknowledged that it was a work in progress .
" as for the issue of uranium enrichment , i think the two sides do not seem to agree at all , " japan 's chief cabinet secretary hiroyuki hosoda said in tokyo .
in beijing , south korea 's deputy chief negotiator cho tae-yong said there were " significant differences between the united states and north korean proposals " .
both north korea and the united states delegates participating in the third round of six-party talks have tabled documents here in beijing as they look to break the nuclear stalemate in the korean peninsula .
despite the gulf separating the united states and north korea , cho tae-yong said : " it was the first time for concrete plans to come out . given the way the morning session proceeded , substantial discussions will likely continue tomorrow . "
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue said " various parties have treated the plans put forward by other parties in a forward looking manner " .
islamic extremists threaten life of premier for iraqi interim government
islamic extremist leader zarqawi called today for the killing of allawi , iraq 's interim prime minister , which is the latest sign of a possible bloody countdown to renewed iraqi sovereignty .
in washington , veteran diplomat negroponte was sworn in as us ambassador to baghdad .
the united states was now preparing for a transition from occupier to ally and principal protector of the interim iraqi government .
the iraqi new premier allawi was put under a death sentence in an audiotape posted on an islamist website in the name of the jordanian-born zarqawi .
zarqawi had been blamed by the us-led coalition for much of the violence sweeping iraq , including the recent beheadings of a us businessman and a south korean contract worker .
" allawi , you have escaped many times , without knowing it , from well-organised ambushes that we laid , " says a voice purported to be that of zarqawi .
but we pledge to go all the way without giving up so that you will meet the same fate as salim . "
salim was the head of the now dissolved governing council , who was assassinated in a baghdad suicide car bombing may 17 .
the 16-minute tape was entitled " the stance of sharia ( islamic law ) on the government of the iraqi karzai . "
karzai was the current afghan president , installed after the taliban militia was ousted by us forces .
united states : iran tells eu it will resume centrifuge production
iran on 24 told britain , france and germany that it will resume production of centrifuges used for uranium enrichment despite a three-month-old deal with the europeans to halt such work , us under secretary of state for arms control and international security bolton said today .
bolton said the announcement was a direct violation of iranian pledges to the so-called " eu three " and proof of iran 's intent to reprocess uranium as part of a covert nuclear weapons program .
bolton said iran was in violation of its commitments to the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) , was flagrantly defying the will of the international community and that the matter should be referred to the un security council for possible imposition of sanctions .
bolton was a noted hawk within president bush 's conservative administration .
" this is an act of defiance of the iaea board of governors , it is a thumb in the eye of the international community , " he told the house international relations committee .
" it has been our view , it remains our view and iran 's action today confirms our view that its nuclear weapons program is a threat to international peace and security and should be referred to the un security council , " bolton said .
bolton did not say how washington had been informed of the iranian announcement on centrifuges but said it appeared to be a direct response to a harshly critical assessment of iran 's cooperation with the iaea that was issued by the agency 's governing board last week .
us appeals court blocks fcc rules on media ownership
a us appeals court today blocked the implementation of new rules that would lift media ownership limits and permit major media companies to further expand .
a three-judge panel in philadelphia said federal regulators must provide more detailed justification of their decision for the numerical limits in the new regulations , which allow media companies to acquire more broadcasting assets .
the rules , approved by the federal communications commission last year in a controversial 3-2 vote , have been subject to stiff criticism and attempts by some us lawmakers to restore the older limits .
" though we affirm much of the commission 's order , we have identified several provisions in which the commission falls short of its obligation to justify its decisions to retain , repeal , or modify its media ownership regulations with reasoned analysis , " the appeals court said .
the verdict by the appeals court will further delay implementation of the new rules , which had been blocked by a lower court pending the appellate review .
backers of the new rules said the old regulations - - which limited " cross-ownership " in many cases of television , radio and newspapers in the same city - - were unworkable and irrelevant in an environment being reshaped by new media .
the judges said that the fcc rules were based on " an unjustified assumption that media outlets of the same type make an equal contribution to diversity and competition in local markets . "
fcc chairman powell said the delay could make it harder for the agency to impose any regulations in a rapidly shifting media landscape .
bush expects nato to help train iraqi security forces
us president bush expects to get a commitment from nato to help train iraqi security forces in an effort to help maintain iraqi stability .
on the eve of the sovereignty transfer , iraq has been caught in a mess of fatal violences .
one day before leaving for turkey to attend the istanbul nato summit , bush said during an interview with the turkish television ntv that nato had received requests from the iraqi interim premier allawi to help train their security forces in an effort to help maintain iraqi stability .
" i believe the goal is to be achieved and it hopefully is , " said bush .
bush said he did n't expect nato countries to send more troops to us-headed allied forces , who suffered from fatal rebel attacks almost every day .
the joint rebel assault in iraq on 24 claimed around 90 lives , posing the severest challenges for the us-led occupation alliances since the april start of violent oppositions by shiah islamic extremists in southern iraq .
" i 'm not confident about asking more nato countries to send troops , and i believe those did so have reached their limits , " said bush .
" the only long-term solution then is to enable the iraqis to maintain domestic stability by themselves , " bush went on saying .
bush is scheduled to reach ankara on 26 to meet with turkish offcials , and then goes on to attend a 2-day nato summit in istanbul on 28 .
the us-led occupation alliance is scheduled to transfer sovereignty to iraqi interim government on june 30 .
india , pakistan to negotiate on kashmir after three years
india and pakistan will attempt sunday for the first time in three years to resolve their half-century dispute over kashmir .
both countries are conscious that they must advance in the peace process launched after a near-war .
the talks in the indian capital new delhi take place against a backdrop of ongoing violence in the kashmir state .
today kashmir police said that another 10 people were killed in an attack on a southern village by suspected islamic rebels .
plans for a bus service linking india and pakistan controlled territories and to set up consulates in bombay and karachi are expected to figure in the two-day meeting between top foreign ministry civil servants .
foreign secretaries shashank of india and khokhar of pakistan met in february in islamabad where they agreed a timetable to talk about their disputes including kashmir .
" pakistan has said that kashmir is the core issue and unless there is movement on kashmir there will be no progress on normalising relations in other areas , " a senior indian official said on condition of anonymity .
he says today 's talks " will be aimed at ensuring the process of dialogue is not stalled but proceeds smoothly . "
in today 's television interview , pakistan 's foreign minister kasuri said both india and pakistan were of the view that " war can not solve the dispute . "
" but whatever solution is found it should be acceptable to india , pakistan and the kashmiris , " he said .
nato homes in on accord to train iraqi forces
nato was in sight of an agreement to train iraq 's new army ahead of a summit of the military alliance 's 26 nations in istanbul , despite misgivings from france and germany , diplomats said .
days before the june 30 handover of power in iraq , nato ambassadors held talks that stretched late into the night friday on a request for training and " technical assistance " from iraqi interim prime minister allawi .
following three rounds of meetings among the ambassadors , a draft agreement responding to allawi 's request had been sent to alliance capitals , sources said .
if none of the member states lodged any opposition saturday , the text would be sent on for approval at the leaders ' summit on monday and tuesday , they said .
" the discussions are going well in a climate of unity , " one nato diplomat said late friday , while acknowledging a long debate among the ambassadors to find a text acceptable to all .
the united states is strongly pushing its nato partners to respond positively to the request sent this week by allawi for the alliance to train the new army .
but the question is where . france and germany have ruled out the highly symbolic step of sending any of their own officers to iraq itself to take part in the training .
" i would expect that nato is going to be ready to help the iraqis in the way that they need to be helped , " a white house official said .
at the same time , president bush flew to ireland for an eu-us summit , before heading on to istanbul to take part in the nato summit .
bush said in an interview broadcast earlier by turkish television : " i think we can get a training mission , hopefully . "
bush portrays turkey as example for the muslin world during his meeting with turkish prime minister
us president bush today used his maiden visit to turkey to soothe tensions with the country over the war in iraq and tout the nato ally as an example for the muslim world , especially the new iraq .
as he met with turkish prime minister erdogan , bush hailed " the example that your country has set , on how to be a muslim country , and at the same time a country which embraces democracy and rule of law and freedom . "
bush ardently courted turkey by strongly backing its bid to join the european union and pledging anew to help rout kurdish separatists .
turkey had blocked us efforts to open a northern front in the march 2003 invasion of iraq .
bush also expressed concerns over three turkish workers taken hostage in iraq .
the hostage-taking iraqi radical group has threatened to behead them unless turkey orders the closing of firms working with the us-led coalition .
bush told erdogan and turkish president sezer that " this is a terrible situation " that highlights how washington 's enemies in iraq seek " to export chaos to the world , as well as chaos in iraq , " a senior us official told reporters in a briefing arranged on condition he not be named .
tight security for bush 's visit left central ankara a virtual ghost town .
the turkish police were busy contending with tens of thousands of protestors against bush and the nato summit .
the 2-day summit was scheduled to open in istanbul on 28 .
rumsfeld likens iraq violence to tet offensive
us defense secretary rumsfeld likened the surge of kidnapping and violence in iraq to the 1968 tet offensive , a psychological turning point in the vietnam war . but he said it would not succeed .
speaking to reporters ahead of a nato summit here , rumsfeld acknoweldged that threats by extremists in iraq to behead three turkish hostages appeared to be timed to disrupt the turkish-hosted meeting of allied leaders .
" there has been a great deal of chatter in the system that they will try to disrupt international events like this , like the olympics , " rumsfeld said .
he said the extremists were known to have studied the tet offensive and were targeting civilians , coalition countries , and soft targets to score psychological blows .
the tet offensive by vietcong and north vietnamese forces against us forces and their south vietnamese allies brought the war home to millions of americans who watched it unfold on television . it convinced many the us government was wrong when it claimed it was winning the war .
" the psychological effect through the television or through the newspaper is that they are there , that they are noisy , that they are achieving something big , which is what the effect of tet was . . . that they ( iraqis ) are going to try things like that , " rumsfeld said .
" will it work ? i think not , " rumsfeld said .
" our country and other countries understand what is taking place , that the goal is to try to intimidate them and to terrorize them and to get them to alter their behaviour , " said rumsfeld .
" they 're trying to do what they did in spain to change the outcome of something , " he said .
bombing of a madrid train station took place on the eve of general elections earlier this year , which led the new spanish government to withdraw its troops from iraq .
analysts say iraq still faces long , bumpy road to success
with iraq 's first post-saddam government in place , the united states still faces a slate of challenges in rebuilding the country , restoring stability and building democracy , analysts said .
iraq 's military and police have received little training , us money for reconstruction is tied up in red tape , and the interim government needs to earn the trust of iraqis who might view it as president bush 's pawn , analysts say .
the interim government of prime minister allawi , which took over monday , two days earlier than expected , will govern the violence-wracked country for seven months until planned january elections .
with iraqi troops still in training , allawi 's government relies on 138,000 us troops for security .
in a study based on official us government figures , the center for strategic and international studies ( csis ) in washington found few iraqi military and police had received training .
although 35,000 soldiers are needed for iraq 's army , only 7,116 are in service and an additional 2,600 are being trained .
of the 87,000 iraqi police , 57,000 have received no training , while fewer than 6,000 have been fully trained .
nato has agreed to train iraqi forces , but the alliance 's members have yet to decide whether to do it in iraq or abroad .
bush , kerry camps search for spin on fed rate hike
a widely expected rate hike by the federal reserve turned quickly to campaign fodder as president bush and presumptive democratic nominee kerry used the move to highlight their economic views .
white house spokesman mcclellan , speaking just before the quarter-point boost by the federal open market committee , said such a move would be a sign of a reinvigorated economy .
" it 's not unexpected that as the economy continues to grow stronger that interest rates may rise some , and that 's not something at this point that is a concern , " mcclellan told reporters .
" it 's a reflection that the economy is growing stronger . "
the federal reserve announced yesterday it was raising its target for the federal funds rate , which commercial banks charge each other overnight , to 1.25 percent from a 1958 low of 1.00 percent .
kerry economic advisor sperling said the campaign " respects the independence of the federal reserve " and would not comment directly on interest rate decisions .
but he noted , " the real issue is that bush 's abandonment of fiscal discipline will mean higher long-term interest rates , less sustainable economic growth and more debt passed on to our children . "
" over the long-term , economists estimate that bush 's fiscal policies would raise long-term interest rates by about one percentage higher , meaning a typical family would have to pay 1,200 dollars more for a home mortgage and 120 dollars more for a student loan each year , " said sperling .
democrats say the bush administration is glossing over problems in the economy and the threats posed by higher rates .
democratic national committee spokesman cabrera fired the first shot yesterday , issuing a statement that accused bush of emphasizing favorable economic statistics while ignoring the potential pain likely to be caused by higher interest rates amid high levels of credit card debt .
study : france 's first wave of madcow disease went undetected , spreading to even more
the first wave of mad cow disease occurred undetected in france in the 1980s and by early 2000 the disease had spread to hundreds of thousands of cows , a study published in the journal veterinary research shows .
though there had been " uncertainty over the beginning of the epidemic , we showed that the french bse ( mad cow ) epidemic in the late 1980s was completely undetected , and only the second wave , after 1990 , was observed , " the two french researchers found .
brain wasting mad cow disease showed up in britain during the 1980s and sparked worldwide concern because of its human form variant creutzfeld-jakob disease ( vcjd ) .
it has now killed some 150 people , mostly in britain .
a 55-year-old frenchman became what could be the seventh victim of vcjd in france , officials said , when he died in a hospital outside paris .
in an article in the june issue of the journal entitled " the unrecognised french bse epidemic , " french scientists supervie and costagliola said only 103 cases of bovine spongiform encephalopathy had been detected by " passive surveillance " by 2000 .
in fact , " we estimated that there were 301,200 cattle infected by the bse agent , " the researchers , with the french institute of health and medical research ( inserm ) , said .
the scientists took into account several factors , among them the average age of the animal when the first symptoms appeared , the incubation period and how old the cow was when slaughtered .
yukos shares plunge after authorities ' new tax claim
share prices for russian oil giant yukos plunged by nearly 18 percent in initial trade on the benchmark rts index today .
the company faced possible bankruptcy after being presented with a new multi-billion-dollar tax bill .
yukos stock was down 17.5 percent at 6.60 dollars in pre-opening trade according to the rts index website .
the company said thursday that all its current accounts had been frozen after tax authorities demanded an extra 3.4-billion dollars ( 2.8-billion euros ) in tax arrears .
such a fiscal demand from authorities must now be approved by the courts .
yukos was given five days to pay up its first , 3.4-billion-dollar tax bill while facing a new one of the same amount and other investigations .
yukos was seen as one of russia 's most profitable and best-managed companies .
yukos claims that it will go under should authorities pursue their tax claims since it lacks the cash .
its founder khodorkovsky , russia 's richest man , is now in jail facing a 10-year sentence for fraud and tax evasion .
many people link khodorkovsky imprinsonment to his political opposition to president putin .
foreign investors have closely watched the fate of russia 's top oil exporter , worried about the safety of their own investments .
russian courts appear to be used by the government to settle political scores .
market potential also lures european investors abroad
european investors searching for overseas outlets are these days lured abroad as much by vast market potential in the booming economies of countries such as china and india as by a search for cheap labor , oecd analysts have found .
a just-released oecd study of recent trends in foreign direct investment ( fdi ) also revealed that france , often depicted as being excessively regulated and unfriendly to private enterprise , was a strikingly more attractive destination for foreign investors than the united states , a bastion of free-wheeling capitalism .
france is also attracting huge sums for the purchase of residential property .
france garnered 47-billion dollars ' worth of fdi last year to 39.9-billion for the united states , 14.6-billion for britain and 12.9-billion dollars for germany , according to the organization for economic cooperation and development .
for the oecd , foreign direct investment covers overseas mergers and acquisitions , the construction of new production plants and capital transfers to foreign-owned enterprises .
head of the oecd 's investment division poret says france is not fundamentally more appealing than its european union partners britain and germany .
but neither is it so hostile to free enterprise as it is sometimes said to be .
" the reality is that french laws on foreign direct investment are liberal and even more open that the oecd average , " he says .
" there is little room in france for restricting foreign investment , " says poret .
the oecd study likewise highlighted what it said could be " a paradigm shift " in corporate strategy on the part of investors in europe who look abroad .
" they are not only looking for low production and labor costs , " the report says .
" they are looking for markets as well .
china is such a huge market that it 's important to be present there to seize growing business opportunities . "
france 's seven islands house country 's oldest bird sanctuary
france 's oldest national park , sept-iles ( seven islands ) lying off the western brittany coast , for decades has served as a sanctuary to the quaint-if-weird-looking atlantic puffin as well as other seabirds .
named a national park in 1912 , the seven islands are run by the national wildlife office ( oncfs ) and the ornithology centre on ile-grande ( big island ) .
ile-grande ornithology centre along with its information office has managed a special clinic since 1984 to care for birds , specially those harmed by oil spills .
set in choppy waters , the seven islands that form france 's biggest bird sanctuary offer a rocky haven 40 hectares big for sea-birds in general .
one of them boasts france 's spectacular-to-see only breeding ground for the extraordinary northern gannet , a large seabird with white plumage that plunge-dives .
at breeding time , the island of rouzic , which is banned to humans , turns into a snowy white mountain , with mating northern gannet almost everywhere , according to aerial photographs .
almost 17,000 couples are estimated on the tiny island since 2003 .
bird-watchers and nature enthusiasts chug around the small isle watching the circling and plunging of the wide-winged birds and seeing baby gannets slip into the water for the first time .
on ile-grande , the ornithology centre keeps a check on the cleanliness of the sea , ensuring there are no oil spills or illicit emptying of tanks to harm bird life .
the red-beaked puffin seabirds , along with short-winged diving guillemots , have been leading victims of environmental catastrophes .
some big oil spills have hit the brittany coast , from the torrey canyon in 1967 , the amoco cadiz in 1978 , the tanio in 1980 , to more recently the erika .
japan 's kobayashi downs a world record in us competitive dog eating
motto of the roman general caesar " i come , i see and i conquer " helped him defeat his enemies , which was changed to " i come , i eat and i conquer " today by takeru kobayashi of japan , with which he blew away his rivals .
during nathan 's hot dog eating competition held on us national day in new york , he downed a world-record of 53 and a half hot dogs in 12 minutes , successfully retaining the mustard yellow belt for the fourth year in a row .
nathan 's famous hot dog eating competition has been held every year on the us national day , july 4 at coney island since 1916 , whoever eats the most dogs within 12 minutes will get the champion of the so-called world cup of competitive eating .
using his trademark " solomon technique " , kobayashi easily surpassed his own 50-and-a-half-dog record , which he set in 2002 .
with his " solomon technique " , namely breaking the wieners in half before wolfing them down , the only 60-kilogram takeru kobayashi had won the title of " tsunami " .
" i can eat and have more , " kobayashi said merrily after the competition .
i 'll come next year , challenging again the world record . "
it was a one-two finish for japan , with kobayashi 's countryman , noboyuki shirota , taking the second spot after consuming 38 hot dogs .
american sonya " the black widow " thomas , weighing in at a mere 45 kilograms , placed third with a total of 32 dogs , shattering the women 's world record and restoring some pride to the host nation .
the united states has had to cede its traditional dominance of the event since kobayashi burst onto the scene .
former yugoslavia dictator milosevic to begin defence
former yugoslavia dictator milosevic is to start presenting his defence case against charges of war crimes later today , nearly two years after he went on trial before the un court here for his role in the 1990s balkan wars .
milosevic , who is acting as his own lawyer , will start making his opening statement at 0900 gmt ( 1700 taipei time ) , and related witnesses are expected to take the stand tomorrow .
it is not known whom milosevic will call to testify on his behalf although he has asked judges in previous trial to force british prime minister blair , german chancellor schroeder and former us president clinton to take the stand .
milosevic served the trial chamber with a list of 1,631 witnesses , whose names have not been revealed by the court , but it would be impossible to call all of them within the 150 court days he has been given to present his defence .
milosevic faces more than 60 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity for his alleged role in the wars in croatia in 1991-95 , bosnia in 1992-95 and kosovo in 1998-99 .
especially for the bloody conflict in bosnia which left 200,000 people dead , he faces separate charges of genocide , the gravest of war crimes .
if convicted milosevic could be sentenced to life imprisonment .
but the former serb strongman has consistently denied the charges against him and refuses to recognize the legality of the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia setup for him .
china , hong kong , taiwan , vietnam and sigapore lead growth as asian travel sustains rebound
abacus international , asia 's biggest air ticketing and reservations company , said today that china 's rising affluence drove a sharp surge in asian travel bookings in april and may , as the industry sustained its recovery from the sars epidemic , and rebounds in taiwan , vietnam , singapore and hong kong also spurred the growth .
total bookings across asia for abacus soared 247 percent in april compared with one year ago , and 144 percent in may , with the rebound expected to continue although at a slower rate .
abacus president and chief executive birch said the turnaround was strongest in markets such as china , taiwan , vietnam , singapore and hong kong , whose travel industries economic bore the brunt of the severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) outbreak in the first half of last year .
china was the runaway leader in the travel industry 's recovery , with independent bookings up 372 percent in april and a massive 612 percent in may .
china 's ' golden week ' , a traditional holiday period in the first week of may , saw over 90-million people - - more than the entire population of the philippines - - going on holidays .
about two percent of china 's 1.3-billion people , or more than 20-million , travel overseas annually and the rate is growing at 15-20 percent a year .
yudhoyono ahead of president megawati in indonesia 's presidential election
retired general yudhoyono was leading the field as votes were counted in indonesia 's first presidential election , leaving behind the incumbent megawati , but analysts said he was not assured victory in a likely second round run-off .
the only thing for sure is that the world 's fourth most populous country appears to be heading for more political uncertainty because the leading ex-general , short of the the 50 percent needed , will go to the second round of run-off on september 20 .
in second voting , yudhoyono is expected to square off against either the incumbent , megawati , or another ex-general wiranto .
with the 15 percent of votes tallied by the indonesian central election commission ( as of 1530 this afternoon taipei time ) , yudhoyono had 33.6 percent compared to 26.5 percent for megawati and 22.6 percent for wiranto .
indonesia has around 153-million registered voters .
and non-official statistics said over 80 percent of registered voters cast their votes yesterday .
according to a projection of the final result released by the washington-based national democratic institute ( ndi ) yesterday , yudhoyono will end up with 33.9 percent of the total , against 24.9 percent for megawati and 23.8 percent for wiranto .
the projection by the national democratic institute proved highly accurate in the april legislative election .
official statistics for the final result can be expected by the end of the month .
kerry 's running mate chosen , bush campaign anticipates a tough july on the campaign trail
us president bush 's reelection campaign anticipates a gruelling july as his rival kerry will get a likely boost from the publicity surrounding his pick for a running mate , senator edwards , and from the democratic national convention later this month .
massachusetts senator kerry announced today that edwards , 51 , a senator for north carolina , was his vice presidential candidate for the fast-approaching november 2 presidential election .
kerry and edwards will be officially crowned as the democratic party 's presidential candidates at the national party convention in boston , massachusetts , july 26-28 .
" an examination of gallup polls in presidential elections since 1976 reveals that a challenger 's vice presidential selection and nominating convention can have a dramatic ( if often short-lived ) effect on the head-to-head poll numbers , " said dowd , a chief strategist on the bush-cheney campaign .
" in fact , historical analysis suggests kerry should have a lead of more than 15 points coming out of his convention , " dowd said .
bush presented a very positive front towards edwards ' selection , saying " i welcome senator edwards on the democratic ticket . "
bush added that his vice president cheney had telephoned edwards this morning to congratulate him .
republicans dismiss edwards as second-string pick after mccain as kerry 's running mate
us senator mccain , who just a few weeks ago was courted as a possible running mate for democratic presidential candidate kerry , was being touted today as the republicans ' latest weapon in their quest to reclaim the white house .
president bush 's reelection campaign unveiled a new ad called " first choice , " stressing that despite the fanfare surrounding kerry 's announcement that he had picked north carolina senator edwards as his running mate , he did so only after failing to convince mccain to defect .
" it 's not a bad choice for his second pick , " massachusetts senator romney told cnn .
" kerry 's first choice , of course , was mccain , but mccain disappointed him by supporting president bush , " said romney , a republican senator .
the " first choice " campaign ad shows mccain expressing his support for bush 's " war on terror . "
mccain is a conservative with an independent streak .
" america is under attack by depraved enemies who oppose our every interest and hate every value we hold dear , " mccain says in the ad .
bush says in the ad that he " has not wavered , he has not flinched from the hard choices . he was determined and remains determined to make this world a better , safer , freer place . "
confirmed thailand outbreak again sparks fears of fresh bird flu wave for asia
thailand today became the latest country after vietnam and china in asia confirmed to have bird flu , sparking fears of a resurgence of the winter outbreak that left 24 people dead and devastated the region 's poultry industry .
thai officials today confirmed a case of the deadly h5n1 strain of the virus at a farm in central thailand , which followed new cases of bird flu in china and vietnam .
thai officials said the rest of a 44,000-strong flock at the farm in central ayutthaya province had been culled under official surveillance after 7,000 died in the last fortnight from disease .
he said officials had also culled another 800 chickens in the neighbouring province of pathum thani where 70 had died from suspected bird flu and he admitted the outbreak could spread to other provinces .
the three countries were among the worst hit of the 10 asian nations affected by the winter bird flu outbreak that killed eight people in thailand and 16 in vietnam .
the new case in thailand has added to the fears of a fresh economic setback despite attempts by officials to play down the threat of a widespread epidemic .
the mass culling and import bans from other countries - - including a fresh poultry ban extended by the eu last week until december - - had a devastating effect on businesses in the region during the outbreak earlier this year .
paris airport struggles with summer rush after terminal collapse
french authorities are facing a summer of saturated flight arrivals and departures at paris as they struggle with the consequences of a deadly terminal collapse at terminal 2 of charles de gaulle airport six weeks ago .
preliminary findings released on 6 said the may 23 terminal collapse accident , which killed four passengers , was caused by metal supports piercing the concrete roof of the tubular terminal 2e , causing it to split and part of it to collapse .
the accident has cut the airport 's capacity by 15 percent , and caused many flight delays .
some planes were being routed to other terminals or to orly airport of the capital .
the body tasked with organising paris flight " slots " , cohor , said on 6 it was abandoning an idea to permanently move one or several airlines from charles de gaulle to orly , saying there was not sufficient capacity at the other smaller airport to meet demand .
cohor said british airways had asked to move its flights to orly , but had required four daily slots to london-gatwick whereas fewer than three per day were available .
according to the state-run airport operator , aeroports de paris ( adp ) , orly has a potential to increase its traffic handling by only around 25 percent .
but the number of passengers transiting through both facilities can nearly triple during the july-september vacation peak .
adp says that half a-million passengers were expected over each of three peak weekends in the period .
edwards adds balance to kerry 's bid in us presidential campaign
us democratic candidate kerry 's choice of energetic , photogenic edwards as running mate for the november presidential elections lends vigor to the massachusetts senator 's sometimes-drab presidential campaign , political pundits said .
analysts said kerry , who often comes across as dour and unexciting , will get an immediate boost from the north carolina senator edwards , who is known for his plain-spokenness and upbeat campaign themes .
" politically he is a nice balance to kerry 's very stiff manner . edwards excites the democratic base in the way kerry really does not , " said sabato , director of the center for politics at the university of virginia .
edwards , now 51 , is a natural campaigner blessed with a 1000-watt smile .
father as blue-collar worker , self-depedent edwards was the first in his family to go to college .
edwards is also an " american dream " biography in which he offers himself as living proof that even the humblest can attain success through hard work and ingenuity , said duke university political science professor haynie .
kerry and edwards were rivals for the democratic nomination , but by the end of the primary campaign , edwards had won just one state : his native north carolina , did he give up .
edwards , who has served just one term in the us senate , last week polled as the favorite vice presidential pick among democratic voters .
' hundreds of millions ' over the world may have been exposed to contaminated polio vaccine
hundreds of millions of people in eastern europe , asia and africa may have been injected with a soviet polio vaccine which was contaminated by a monkey virus that has now been linked to cancer , new scientist says .
shoddy standards in soviet vaccine plants meant that decontamination of the so-called simian virus 40 ( sv40 ) was only 95-percent effective , the magazine says .
this meant that for nearly 20 years after sv40 was supposed to have been screened out , the soviet union continued to ship potentially infected vaccines to its eastern european allies and elsewhere .
" the vaccine was almost certainly used throughout the soviet bloc and was probably exported to china , japan and several countries in africa , " the british science weekly reports in next saturday 's issue .
" that means hundreds of millions could have been exposed to sv40 after 1963 . "
after the polio vaccine was invented in 1955 , pharmaceutical labs used cells from rhesus monkeys to prepare doses in commercial quantities .
in 1960 , sv40 was found in monkeys and soon after was detected in injected polio vaccines .
it was supposed to have been eliminated from all new vaccines worldwide .
as to whether sv40 is dangerous , opinions are divided .
according to the us centers for disease control ( cdc ) website , the virus has been found in certain types of cancer in humans - - but , it says , there is no proof that the virus caused these cancers .
medical staff point out that sv40 might be linked to a deadly form of lung cancer .
top intelligence officials warn of possible al-qaeda attacks to disrupt us election
top officials from the cia , fbi and homeland security department warned members of congress that al-qaeda could try to launch new attacks in a bid to influence upcoming us elections , a congressman said .
all members of the house of representatives were invited to a closed-meeting with federal bureau of investigation director mueller , homeland security undersecretary hutchinson and brennan , a representative of the central intelligence agency .
chairman of the house homeland security committee cox declined to elaborate , but he said many were concerned the al-qaeda network might try to strike on us soil this summer or autumn .
he said the terrorists were in the hope of influencing the outcome of the us election , just as it did with madrid train explosion in spain last march .
190 people died in madrid train explosion , causing the step-down of pro-american ruling party in spain .
" there is a steady drumbeat of reporting , " cox said . " the threat has not abated . "
the briefing was held in response to requests from congress leaders .
part of them also participated in a similar session on 6 held by white house chief of staff card .
the senate is also scheduled to have similar meetings with fbi and cia officials and homeland security secretary ridge .
two anonymous law enforcement officers said there was nothing new in today 's briefing .
and we lack precise knowledge about time , place and method of possible terrorist attacks .
indonesian president megawati defies critics and polls in bid to remain leader
written off by pundits and opinion polls , indonesian leader megawati has been relatively successful with a stronger than expected showing in indonesia 's first presidential polls , which is credited to the diehard support of loyalists from her indonesian democratic party of struggle ( pdi-p ) as well as her high profile as the incumbent leader .
after the pdi-p lost 40 percent of its vote to finish second in the april 5 parliamentary polls , many analysts believed the presidential race would be a battle of the two generals - - yudhoyono and wiranto .
but while yudhoyono is the clear leader after nearly 60 percent of the votes have been counted , he has only 34 percent support - - well short of 50 percent needed to avoid a september runoff .
megawati , with 26 percent , seems likely to be the only candidate against yudhoyono in the second-round at the expense of wiranto ( 22 percent ) .
the taciturn megawati , widely seen as aloof and neglectful of ordinary people , has recently worked hard to reverse the perceptions during the month-long presidential campaign . she held occasional press conferences and visited markets and other centres to mingle with the public .
most importantly , most pdi-p voters apparently stayed loyal to megawati in the country 's first direct presidential election .
the us national democratic institute said just 13 percent of pdi-p votes went to yudhoyono . but 31 percent of golkar members voted for yudhoyono rather than for their official candidate wiranto .
kentuky governor almost shot out of the sky during reagan 's funeral
the us air force came close to shooting kentucky governor fletcher out of the sky when his twin-engine plane intruded into banned air space over the us capital during the funeral for ex-president reagan last month .
an unnamed us official pointed out that north american aerospace defense command ( norad ) commander , air force general eberhart , was ready to order an f-16 fighter jet to shoot down the intruder .
" they had the general on the phone , and he was in position to make the call , " the official said .
" this was the closest we have come to making that difficult decision , triggering a chain of events that could be pretty horrific . "
the june 9 incident ended well , with governor fletcher 's plane landing safely at reagan national airport .
fletcher 's plane strayed over restricted airspace that extends 26 kilometers around the washington monument obelisk , washington 's best known landmark only a few hundred meters from the white house .
according to accounts by current and former homeland security officials , fletcher 's plane remained unidentified for several critical minutes and penetrated deeply into the no-fly zone , exposing a significant security breakdown .
they said it was the closest the us government had come to shooting down a civilian plane since the september 11 , 2001 attacks in new york city and washington .
the official said a fighter plane scrambled to intercept fletcher 's aircraft but could not make visual contact because of cloud cover .
as a result , eberhart did not give the order to shoot down the plane , which turned to land before it was identified .
demand for illegal dvds growing in asia 's piracy blackspots
amid the noise and neon of hong kong 's thronging causeway bay shopping district a dvd store decorated with posters advertising the latest movies is doing a roaring trade , but few discs are changing hands .
customers approach the counter , name the film they want and are given a number by the store owner . then they wait to be beckoned outside by another assistant who hands over the requested dvd in a plain bag .
to many in the bustling southern chinese metropolis this is the usual way to buy films .
they purchase films illegally from traders in the region 's fast-booming pirated dvd industry .
a hong kong newspaper revealed this week " harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban " had been available in pirate form here long before its cinema release .
this paper reminds asia police that dvd piracy is a problem proving difficult to tackle .
" it 's a big business and not easy to track because the offenders always find different ways to distribute the discs , " hong kong customs assistant superintendent for copyright crime chong wai-ming told afp .
" as soon as we end one form of distribution - - for instance through hawkers , who we stopped - - they begin selling in other ways , " chong added .
the international intellectual property alliance estimates pirated movies sold in the asia pacific region cost the world 's film industries 484-million us dollars last year , up from 457-million dollars in 2002 .
the worst offender in the region , it claims , is china , which accounted for 178-million dollars of last year 's pirated dvds .
among the other serious offenders are india , indonesia , pakistan , the philippines , south korea and taiwan .
us sees opportunity in new round of talks to remove agricultural barriers : us trade representative
us trade representative zoellick said he sees a chance for agreement on cutting agricultural subsidies and opening markets in current world trade organization talks , clearing the way for a global deal on freer trade .
zoellick said there is a tremendous opportunity to see some very substantial reform in the international agricultural system .
he said the united states is making every effort during the negotiation , but it is just one player and it needs joint contributions from all participants .
an agreement on agriculture is a crucial step towards concluding the wto 's doha round of trade talks aimed at removing barriers and freeing up global trade .
agricultural ministers from various wto countries hope to reach an understanding by the end of this month on a framework for galvanizing the round of talks launched in the qatari in november 2001 following the uruguay round .
hopes for a breakthrough were raised earlier this year when the european union said it was prepared to eliminate its agricultural export subsidies on condition that its trade partners - - notably the united states - - took similar steps to end official support for farm exports .
but 10 countries that are net importers of agricultural products ( g10 ) insisted on the right to protect key goods .
g10 , including japan , said they were prepared to consider progressive reductions of import duties as long as certain " sensitive " products were exempted .
ministers from australia , brazil , the european union , india and the united states will try saturday to jump-start the stalled talks in paris , the wto said .
cia chief tenet steps down leaving behind crisis of confidence in us intelligence
tenet , who has served as head of the us central intelligence agency for seven years , ends his government service this week in a storm , but what he leaves behind is a crisis of confidence in us intelligence as the united states is still struggling with muslim insurgents and faced with tremendous threat of attacks .
as cia was holding a farewell party in his honor on the 9th , the senate intelligence committee released a report , which unsparingly criticized the cia for its intelligence failures before the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks and its evaluation prior to the iraqi war on weapons of mass destruction , which so far has failed to be proved .
tenet 's resignation will formally take effect on the 10th .
republican representatives in the house intelligence committee warned last month that the cia had for long been ignoring " its core missions " , of which the most important were to recruit spies and penetrate organizations like al-qaeda .
they said that cia " continues down a road leading over a proverbial cliff . "
tenet , for the past seven years , had been full of vigor and rode out crises with personal charm , always winning timely support from the two presidents , democrat clinton and republican bush ; for him , the resignation now really is an abrupt turnabout .
the longest serving cia director after the legendary cia chief dulles , tenet has led what is an essentially cold-war-era agency through a period of structural change .
the terrorist acts staged by the violence-prone , but scarcely understood , radical muslim insurgents have humbled the threats posed by conventional nations . they also challenge an agency that has long relied heavily on satellites and computers , rather than spies , to respond to the world situations .
even tenet 's defenders acknowledge that the us central intelligence agency is slow in response to new threats , just like other intelligence services .
yudhoyono maintains lead over megawati in indonesian presidential election
indonesia continues vote count after its first ever direct presidential election . former general yudhoyono is still ahead of incumbent president megawati in votes , with almost 70 percent of the vote counted today .
the election commission noted that yudhoyono had slightly more than 29-million votes or 34 percent as compared with megawati 's 22.5-million votes or about 26 percent .
another retired general wiranto , who was yudhoyono 's one-time military boss , holds the third position for the time being , with about 19-million votes or 22 percent .
yudhoyono resigned as the coordinating minister for political and security affairs earlier this year from the megawati administration .
it seems he would face megawati in a runoff in the second round of voting on september 20 .
if no candidate gets more than 50 percent votes in the general election on july 5 , the two candidates with the highest votes will face off in the second round of voting .
both megawati and yudhoyono are trying to build coalitions with other parties ahead of the second round , but achmadi , a campaigner for megawati , said last week that the election campaign would be a battle of their two images among voters .
turnout in indonesia 's first direct presidential election on july 5 was estimated at 82 percent , or about 125-million voters cast their ballots .
the general election was another milestone in indonesia 's democratization since the ex-dictator suharto was dismissed from office in 1998 .
with the upper house election coming soon japanese prime minister koizumi faces toughest challenge
japan will hold upper house election on sunday to express general public opinion on prime minister junichiro koizumi 's pension system reforms and his controversial policy to post troops in iraq .
although no unexpected election results would lead to a change of government , analysts say that if the ruling liberal democratic party fails to top its pre-election strength in the upper house , koizumi could still face pressure to step down .
it looks unlikely that the liberal democratic party of which koizumi is a member can reach its original target of 51 seats and it is projected to secure only 48 seats .
but if the party gets fewer than 45 seats , most analysts consider koizumi 's position would be jeopardized .
since he took office in april 2001 , koizumi has rode out two national elections and several by-elections with his promises to push government reforms and relatively high popularity .
however , he came under fire after his ruling coalition forced the passage of the unpopular pension reforms legislation last month .
the legislation aims at cutting pension benefits and raising premiums to address the problem of aging population .
koizumi 's support for the us-led war in iraq and his decision to send troops to iraq , although these japanese troops are on non-combat missions , have also proved unpopular with many voters .
his approval rate declined drastically last month when he told us president bush , without consulting the public or parliament , that the japanese troops in iraq would stay on as part of the un forces after the restoration of iraqi sovereignty .
in contrast , the six-year-old democratic party of japan , the largest opposition party , has gained momentum due to results from pre-election poll .
the poll suggested that the party would win more seats in the upper house election than the liberal democratic party .
the coming of spartan style brings new trend to international airports ?
in the past airports across the world were in a race for best terminals , business lounges , and air-conditioned gangways , but some airports are now taking the risk of angering big airlines to offer cheaper terminals aimed at doing business with budget airlines .
air france on the 8th threatened legal action against geneva international airport for its decision to introduce a low-cost terminal , where passengers can only receive minimal service and walk onto the aircraft through the windswept tarmac .
easyjet and virgin express , both promoting sales with low prices , are lining up to be clients for the cheap terminal at the end of next year , which singapore and kuala lumpur , malaysia are ready to emulate , according to industry sources .
" it 's a move away from golden customer services to just give a customer an electronic air ticket and a seat , " said behnke , finance director of the airports council international ( aci ) .
" we 've already seen it coming for the future , " he told afp .
after budget airlines eliminated inflight meals and comfort services , the renovated 1949 airport terminal in geneva is ready to make similar changes . according to airport officials , they are going to cut passenger handling fee by 40 percent .
terminal 2 at the geneva international airport will be open to all airlines as a cheaper alternative .
but taking off , landing and security fees will stay unchanged .
airport spokesman roy said , " passengers will check in at automatic machines , they will carry all their luggage , take it to the security check and cart . no escalators , no lifts , all the way to the plane without a covered gangway , whatever the weather . "
disputes arise over israel 's separation barrier , palestine turns to un for support
after the international court of justice made its historic ruling on israel 's west bank separation barrier , the palestinians have decided to take the battleground further to the united nations , as israelis count on us support .
not long after four palestinian militiamen were killed in the gaza strip , palestinian authority leader arafat said that israel could not hope to win the war with the separation barrier and that it would inevitably collapse , just like the berlin wall .
just hours before the international court of justice decided that israel 's separation barrier was illegal and should be dismantled , the palestinian authority confirmed it would fight israel all the way down and ask the un to maintain justice .
" first we 'll address the un general assembly , making reference to the advice of the international court of justice , then seek support from the security council , " palestinian un representative kidwa was quoted as saying by a newspaper in ramallah .
" we will bring the security council face to face with its responsibilities , " he said .
" we are not going to negotiate . . . israel must stop construction , tear down those parts already built and compensate palestinians , " kidwa added .
palestinian prime minister qorei was also quick to call on the international community to take its responsibility and punish the jewish state for its behavior .
" the un and the international community have a duty to find ways to implement the decision of the international court of justice , " qorei said in a meeting with otte , the eu envoy to the middle east , in ramallah .
despite stressing eu 's objections to setting up the barrier , otte urged caution from all parties in the use of the non-binding decision of the hague-based international court of justice .
he said , " we have to re-examine the decision of the court .
it is important not to jump to conclusions .
it is only an advisory opinion and has to go back to the un general assembly for discussion . "
the largest ever international aids conference opens in bangkok
the 15th international aids conference opened today in bangkok with 17,000 delegates from all over the world to attend , making it the largest ever global gathering to fight against aids .
participants warn that due to shortage of funds and ineffective governmental controls in each country , world 's most populous asia is threatened by a health crisis of aids epidemic .
some 38-million people are infected with hiv across the world , and the six-day conference will focus on discussing the measures to curb its spread .
un secretary general annan and film star richard gere were among the thousands of celebrities and aids workers who gathered at the venue for the conference , with its theme " access for all " .
in his address , annan called on world leaders to make good on their promise to tackle the issue of aids epidemic .
many activists dedicated to aids prevention and care complain that world governments have broken their promise to provide funds for aids prevention and care .
in a report issued last tuesday , the united nations agency unaids said more than 20-million people had died of aids globally since it was uncovered among a group of us homosexuals in 1981 .
of those infected with the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) , two-thirds live in africa .
hiv destructs the body 's immune system , making it vulnerable to attacks of tuberculosis , cancer and pneumonia .
aids now may spread into eastern europe and asia , especially the so-called big three countries : mainland china , india and indonesia , which together represent 40 percent of the world population .
us democratic party committee approves platform for 2004 general election
the us democratic party platform committee has approved a 35-page draft of the party 's 2004 election platform , stressing national security and condemning the war in iraq , but calling for us troops to remain in iraq until iraq is safe .
the committee approved the platform on the 10th with little dissent , which will be submitted for formal adoption at the democratic national convention in boston on july 26-29 .
half of the report focuses on national security , 20 percent more than past election platforms .
although many democrats oppose the war in iraq , both the presidential hopeful kerry , soon to be formally anointed by the democratic party , and his running mate senator edwards , voted in favor of the war in iraq in late 2002 .
the draft platform notes that the administration of president bush " badly exaggerated its case , particularly with respect to weapons of mass destruction under iraq 's possession and the connections between hussein government and al-qaeda . "
nevertheless , it points out that the united states " can not allow a failed state in iraq that inevitably would become a haven for terrorists and a destabilizing force in the middle east . "
the platform calls for adding 40,000 us troops and doubling the special forces units , which specialize in unconventional warfare and anti-terrorism operations .
" democrats are stronger than ever on national security issues and are embracing the presidential election confident of winning the debate over which party will keep americans safe , " said democratic national committee chairman mcauliffe .
lisbon mayor lopes chosen for portugal 's new prime minister
citing a source of the ruling centre-right social democratic party , portugal 's lusa news agency reported today that the social democratic party chose lisbon mayor lopes to replace barroso as the new prime minister .
barroso has resigned due to his election as the european commission president .
lopes pledged after being elected that his government would respect the eu stability and growth pact , under which members are not allowed to have deficits over three percent of the gross domestic product .
" the question of how to cut budget has not been resolved . although there are early signs of a small but genuine economic rebound , the government is not facing easy economic conditions . in the future , it is very important to ensure both the domestic economic targets and portugal 's international credibility , " lopes said in a television interview .
with financial deficit topping 4.1 percent of its gdp in 2001 , portugal became the first euro country to break the deficit limit of eu stability and growth pact .
lopes also vowed today that there would be no changes in policy , saying he would present to parliament the same plan that barroso proposed when he became the prime minister in april 2002 .
lopes , a former president of a football club in lisbon , is seen as further to the right of barroso and has an unpleasant relationship with the left-wing members of the social democrats .
48-year-old lopes was elected by 105 votes in favor with two abstentions , at a session of the social democrats ' national council .
following his nomination by the social democrats , lopes was due to call on portuguese president sampaio on the 12th , to discuss matters related to reshuffling the new government .
son of reagan to speak at us democratic national convention
a son of the late us president and republican party icon reagan is to address the democratic national convention towards the end of this month , the philadelphia inquirer newspaper reported .
ron reagan , 46 , a political independent and critic of republican president bush , will talk about stem cell research on the democratic national convention , according to the report .
ron reagan told the philadelphia inquirer that he accepted the democrats ' invitation because he opposes bush 's policy on stem-cell research .
the democratic party election platform calls for ending restrictions on research using stem cells of human embryos .
reagan and his mother nancy strongly support research on stem cells , which could find cure for many diseases including alzheimer 's .
former president reagan died at 93 on june 5 this year after a decade-long struggle with the disease .
ron reagan said , " this gives me a stage to educate people about stem-cell research .
the conservative right has described it , in a rather simplistic way , as baby killing .
we 're not talking about fingers and toes and brains .
this is only a mass of several hundred undifferentiated cells . "
ron reagan said officials at the democratic national committee contacted him two weeks ago , and that he also " had a nice chat " with the democratic presidential hopeful senator kerry . he said , " but he was n't pushing me .
i had already decided before that . "
ron reagan said he would not campaign for kerry or any other candidate , but would vote for kerry " to defeat bush . "
yudhoyono hopes megawati not to impact election by abusing presidential powers
yudhoyono , frontrunner in the first round of indonesia 's presidential election , stressed in an interview today that he would win in the second round of voting to be the indonesian president , but called on rival megawati not to impact the election by abusing her power as incumbent president .
ex-general yudhoyono said in an interview with gatra weekly news magazine , " through persistent struggle , i will win the second round , but i should not be reckless and take the future victory or defeat too seriously .
yudhoyono said he would not underestimate either megawati or another candidate , indonesia 's former commander-in-chief wiranto , and he called on all candidates to have a healthy competition .
however , yudhoyono also hoped that megawati could follow the existing election rules and ethical values and not to use her incumbent presidency improperly .
megawati came back showing her great strength in the first round of the presidential election on july 5 , after her party , the democratic party of struggle , lost the parliamentary election .
yudhoyono , former security minister in megawati 's tenure , maintained his lead all the way . with three-quarters of the votes counted for the first round of voting , he had about 34 percent votes as compared with 26 percent for megawati and 22 percent for wiranto .
yudhoyono and megawati must face off in a second round of voting , because as the two candidates with the highest votes , neither of them has got more than 50 percent .
britain to axe over 100,000 civil servant posts
britain would cut more than 100,000 civil servant posts to provide funds for the britain 's major public services including health and education , chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown said today when he announced britain 's fiscal spending plans for the next three years .
reporting the fiscal spending plans of the british labor government , brown , the finance chief to british prime minister blair , said that 84,150 civil service jobs would be cut in england and another 20,000 posts would be reduced in scotland and northern ireland .
the figures include the cutting of 40,000 civil service jobs that brown announced in march .
announcing possibly his last review on spending plans before the parliamentary election slated early next year , brown also said that the government would speed up to transfer 20,000 civil servants from london and southeast england to other areas .
government spending on major public services , including health and education , will rise by an average of 4.2 percent annually until 2007-8 , added brown , who gives fiscal spending reviews every two years .
according to brown , total british government spending with all departments combined will increase from 279-billion pounds ( 419-billion euros , 520-billion dollars ) this year to 340-billion pounds in 2007-8 .
public education spending is to rise from 63-billion pounds this year to 77-billion in three years ' time , and health spending from 69 billion pounds to 92-billion in the same period .
us to delay presidential election in case of terrorist attack ? no legal foundations scholars say
if the united states were hit by a major terrorist attack before the presidential election this year , the us government would be perplexed by a lack of legal foundations , should it want to postpone the election .
the reason is that us presidential elections are fixed at a specific date by law and no clear mechanism can be found for a postponement of the election .
soaries , new chairman of the us election assistance commission , recently wrote to homeland security secretary ridge , asking what the procedures would be if the election were to be postponed .
homeland security department spokesman roehrkasse said , " we forwarded the letter to the department of justice because the legal issue is more appropriately addressed by them . " he also added , " nothing has been decided . "
ridge warned on the 9th that al-qaeda , the mastermind behind the september 11 attacks in the united states , was planning " a large-scale attack in the united states in an effort to disrupt our democratic process . "
however , he admitted that us intelligence agencies had no information about any specific plot .
since 1845 , us law has set the presidential election day , once every four years , for the first tuesday after the first monday in november , which this year falls on november 2 .
" the federal government has no agency that has the statutory authority to cancel and reschedule a federal election , " soaries said in his letter , according to a newsweek magazine report .
three years ago on september 11 , the new york city council election originally slated for that day , was cancelled due to the attacks on the world trade center .
siegel , a law professor at george washington university , said , " as far i can tell , current law would not permit the election to be postponed .
to do that , you have to formulate a new law . "
congress would have to pass a law before the presidential election to provide legal basis in unusual situations , he said .
the united states has never postponed a presidential election in its history , and even during the civil war years of 1861-65 , voting went on as usual .
bush canvasses votes in us inland attacking his rival kerry
us president bush today attacked the democratic rival kerry on his iraq stance and connection with hollywood , saying that kerry is out of line with mainstream us values .
four months before the presidential election polling day on november 2 , bush has now become the first incumbent us president in nearly 100 years to visit marquette .
this is bush 's first of six stops on a two-day campaign in three inland states .
with support rate in polls slightly trailing kerry , bush was to visit the three states of michigan , minnesota and wisconsin , all decided by narrow margins in the previous presidential election in 2000 .
bush immediately took aim at kerry , who recently accused the bush administration for having wrong " values " , which has for long been a republican code name in debates over social issues .
" i 'm running against a strong rival . his experience in washington is far superior to mine . such experience is rich enough to make him take both sides of just about every issue , " said bush .
bush accused that kerry and his newly chosen running mate edwards voted against the republicans ' 87 - billion-dollar spending bill to fund the war in iraq , but before that they voted in favor of a democratic bill of the same amount of money .
" he is proud that he and his running mate voted against funding the troops , " said bush . he went on to say that kerry had supported a bill authorizing the president to declare war on iraq .
" he 's entitled to his view . but members of congress should not first vote to send troops into battle and then vote against funding them , and brag about it , " said bush .
bush also attacked kerry for complimenting entertainers at a fundraising event last week as representing american values , saying real american values come from the inland instead of hollywood .
experts : more adolescent athletes are using steroids
us senate caucus on international narcotics control held a hearing today , pointing out that steroids , which cast a shadow over the future of some of the world 's most renowned athletes , are increasingly popular among adolescent amateur athletes .
" despite the widely publicized dangers of anabolic steroid abuse , it 's estimated that as many as five-million people annually - - including 175,000 high school girls and 350,000 high-school age boys - - may be abusing these drugs to improve athletic performance , body shape and self-image , " said iowa republican senator grassley .
" studies on this same topic have shown that some users start to take steroids even earlier than high school age , first using steroids while they are in middle school , " said grassley , while presiding over the hearing of the senate caucus on international narcotics control .
he said at the start of the hearing , " winning at all costs will place tremendous cost on the health of the american children and undermine the element of fairness we expect in any sporting competition . "
former athletes and ex-steroid users are invited to the hearing to provide testimony .
a research panel of experts testified at the hearing that steroids are easily available on the internet , which makes them more accessible than ever to high school and even younger students .
" at present , products containing steroids are practically unregulated in the united states . this is a health crisis that affects not just olympic athletes , but every american teenager who dreams of becoming a professional or olympic athlete , and every consumer who takes these products without being informed of the risks , " said madden , chief executive officer of the us anti-doping agency .
americans rally to protest the use of electronic voting systems in presidential election
electronic voting systems are to be used in the us presidential election , but some say such systems may deliver incorrect or unverifiable results . critics rallied in 24 cities across the us today and collected 350,000 signatures for a petition within one day , protesting the use of this technology in the presidential election .
activists from the technology industry and various political organizations joined the " computer ate my vote " day of protest , hoping no touch-screen or other electronic voting machines would be used in the presidential election .
such voting systems do not leave a " paper trail " for vote review or recount .
organizers said that a total of 350,000 people signed petitions to be submitted to election officials in 19 states .
they appeal that if electronic machines are to be used in the presidential election , they should leave a " paper trail " approved by voters .
electronic voting systems are similar to automatic teller machines for banks .
" without a paper trail , we would have no way to recount the total votes , " said shelley , california secretary of state .
as the top election official in california , he has banned some electronic machines in the election and developed guidelines for recounting votes .
shelley said , " nothing is more fundamental to our democracy than the right to vote .
the arrival of touch-screen voting systems , while it seems to be all that the future relies on , unfortunately has made people doubt whether or not we are conducting open and fair elections . "
over 500 arrested in iraqi anti-crime operation , fate of philippine hostage unknown
iraqi police carried out its largest anti-crime operation on monday in the capital city baghdad , arresting at least 525 suspects at a stretch . in the meanwhile , fate of the philippine hostage , threatened with beheading by iraqi muslim militants , was still unknown .
bloody insurgency continued after the interim iraqi government took over from the us-led coalition early this month . gunfire was shot in the northern city of mosul a few days ago , killing at least two people .
as a part of the interior ministry 's anti-crime plan , 500 policemen were deployed on monday and they completed a successful cleanup operation in bab el-sheikh district of baghdad , said rhaman , chief spokesman at the iraqi interior ministry .
rhaman said , " this is the largest order-keeping operation for the interior ministry since the fall of hussein . . . . about 500 criminals were arrested , suspected of crimes such as stealing , murder , kidnapping and drug-dealing . "
crimes soared in iraq during the us army occupation , mainly due to the amnesty given to inmates by iraq 's former hussein regime last year prior to the war . these criminals became more rampant after being freed , resulting in increasing violent events .
kidnapping climbed up in particular . common hooligans would abduct ordinary citizens for ransom , while terrorist organizations kidnap and behead foreign hostages for political reasons .
talking about the recent hostage crisis in iraq , rhaman said that a filipino and two bulgarian hostages had not yet been executed , as the kidnappers were taking the lives of these hostages as chips in political bargaining .
but rhaman declined to reveal the source for the information .
disabled top saudi al-qaeda figure surrenders to authority
a top saudi al-qaeda figure , who had been hiding along the iran-afghan border , has surrendered to the saudi authority within the deadline of an earlier issued royal amnesty , according to a saudi arabian interior ministry announcement , quoted by the official news agency yesterday . the disabled militant is said to have close ties with bin laden .
khaled bin odeh bin mohammed al-harbi , alias abu suleiman al-makki , who had been wanted and hiding in the iranian-afghan border region , contacted the saudi embassy in iran and expressed his willingness to accept the amnesty , the report quoted an interior ministry official as saying .
interior ministry official said that the harbi family had flown to saudi arabia , with coordination from iranian authorities , after saudi embassy prepared necessary documents for harbi and his family , and harbi will be transferred directly to hospital for medical treatment due to his disability .
teheran also confirmed the expulsion of harbi .
harbi , who entered iran via neighboring countries , had offered to return saudi arabia by himself , said a spokesman at iranian foreign ministry .
the official saudi announcement did n't give much information , but harbi , who is from the holy city mecca , is known locally to have fought in afghanistan alongside al-qaeda chief bin laden in the early 1990s , during the soviet invasion in afghanistan .
harbi , wounded in the bosnia civil war , taught courses in islam at the grand mosque in the holy city mecca , but disappeared after the " 9.11 " attacks in the united states .
he was believed to have fled to afghanistan via iran at that time , and was later spotted standing beside bin laden in a news video aired from the arabian al-jazeera channel in december .
lacking favor of big drug companies , children with hiv  aids hard to get proper treatment
more than 20-million children are hiv infected globally , but due to shortage of anti-aids drugs specially made for children , it 's hard for them to get vital and proper treatment , according to doctors at the 15th international aids conference .
at the international aids conference in bangkok , the doctors without borders ( msf ) group noted that big drug companies have forgotten those sick children and they fail to produce suitable medicines for children with hiv  aids or conduct proper test on the effects .
syrups are still too bitter for children and pills , which can not be crushed into powder , are often too big for them to swallow , said dr wilson , director of the msf medical program in thailand .
" big drug companies fail to produce anti-aids medicines specially for pediatric prescriptions , because children are not an attractive enough market , " said wilson .
according to un statistics , some 38-million people carry the hiv pathogen around the world , of which 2.5-million carriers are under the age of 15 .
in the world 's poorest countries , every year 650,000 children are infected with hiv because of insufficient measures to prevent vertical transmission between mother and child .
last year , around 490,000 children under the age of 15 died of aids .
wilson said children are still " marginalized " and " victims of discrimination . "
on average , about nine out of ten children who test positive for hiv live in sub-saharan africa and around half of them die before the age of two , said msf .
cia says warnings of possible attack come from solid information
talking about the warnings issued by the us department of homeland security that the united states may experience a large-scale terrorist attack of the al-qaeda terrorist group before the presidential election , cia 's acting director mclaughlin said today that the warnings were based on " very solid " information , just like the threat reports before the " 9.11 " attacks in 2001 .
mclaughlin said in an interview with national public radio , that the united states had a great amount of warnings before the " 9.11 " attacks on new york and washington , but lacking specific timing and targets .
he said , " but we did have conviction that something big was coming at us . we have that same conviction now . "
mclaughlin added , " the reason i say that it is serious is that i think the information i 've seen is very , very solid . we have very little doubt about the information in terms of its sourcing and its authenticity . "
homeland security secretary ridge quoted " credible reports " last week , saying the al-qaeda plans to carry out a large-scale attack in the united states , in order to disrupt the us presidential election in november .
ridge said that although the reports were short of precise time , place and method of the attack , security was being stepped up at the venues of the upcoming democratic and republican national conventions for nominating presidential hopefuls .
the democratic national convention will be held in boston this month from the 26-29th , while incumbent president bush 's republican party is to hold its convention in new york august 30-september 2 .
the us presidential election is due on november 2 .
former cia director tenet , who had been serving on this post for seven years , resigned last week .
during his service as the chief , cia was assailed for its information that iraq was suspected of developing weapons of mass destruction .
the united states so far has not been able to discover in iraq what the cia called weapons of mass destruction .
british investigation report assails intelligence agency but sparing blair
a published official british investigation report assailed the pre-war intelligence on iraq 's weapons of mass destruction but noted prime minister blair had not deliberately misled uk into war .
blair immediately responded with willingness to accept responsibility for any mistakes but insisted the us-led war to overthrow iraqi president hussein last year was not unjustifiable .
" iraq , the middle east region , the wider world is a better and safer place without hussein , " an unyielding blair said at the parliament hall .
he noted that though it seemed " increasingly clear " hussein might not have had weapons of mass destruction ready to deploy before the war , that did not make the war a wrong effort .
the investigation report led by former top civil servant lord butler has effectively uncovered that britain rashly joined the war in iraq based on " seriously flawed " and " unreliable " evidence .
however , the investigation report concluded that an important document released by the british government in september 2002 , accusing iraq of having weapons of mass destruction , " showed no evidence of deliberate distortion or of culpable negligence " .
butler reiterated at a news conference that while there had been negligence in terms of intelligence , " the government had no deliberate attempt to mislead " .
former head of united nations weapons inspectors in iraq , blix said he telephoned blair in february 2003 , to warn him of his serious reservations over britain 's intelligence on iraq and described the document that the british government released as being " hyped " .
blix told the bbc in an interview , " i think it was a spin that was not acceptable .
they put exclamation marks where there had been question marks and i think that is hyping , a spin , that leads the public to the wrong conclusions . "
british inquiry blamed intelligence failure for war in iraq
an official british inquiry assailed today the state of intelligence gathering on iraq 's suspected weapons of mass destruction prior to the war in iraq , but cleared prime minister blair of responsibility for the faults .
blair immediately said he would accept responsibility for any mistakes but insisted the uk-backed war to overthrow hussein last year was justifiable .
" iraq , the region , the wider world is a better and safer place without hussein , " said blair firmly .
the long-awaited report from a panel headed by retired cabinet minister butler noted that britain joined the us-launched war based on unreliable evidence .
however , the inquiry concluded that a key government dossier , published in september 2002 , on iraqi 's alleged weapons of mass destruction showed " no evidence of deliberate distortion or negligence that lead to condemnation " .
butler reiterated this point at a news conference , saying while there had been negligence in terms of intelligence , there was " no deliberate attempt on the part of the government to mislead " .
however , the 196-page report still contained some serious censures . in particular , it noted that iraq almost certainly did not possess significant stocks of weapons of mass destruction before the conflict .
the report is seen as crucial to blair 's future premiership .
the harshest criticism was aimed at the intelligence operations , largely echoing a us senate report published last week in this respect , which did n't heap blame on the bush administration .
rolls-royce hoping to sell fifty luxury cars in china this year
rolls-royce motors is hoping to sell 50 luxury cars to wealthy chinese this year , a target that would make china account for five percent of rolls-royce global sales , state media reported today .
huang zhongjian ( transliteration ) , general manager for rolls-royce greater china region , was quoted by the oriental post as saying that rolls-royce had sold nearly 20 cars in china in the first half of this year .
mainland china has become the second largest rolls-royce market in the asia-pacific region after japan , said huang zhongjian .
rolls-royce , with corporate headquarters in britain , is now controlled by germany 's bmw motors .
huang zhongjian added that rolls-royce this year is expected to sell 1,000 luxury cars globally , of which the fifty-car target in mainland china accounts for five percent .
the report said so far rolls-royce had sold a total of 150 luxury cars to mainland chinese customers , while the total number sold by its competitor bentley was 220 .
china has become bentley 's fourth largest market in the world , after the united states , european union and japan .
luxury car makers are flooding into china , hoping to get a piece of cake in china , which enjoys rapid growing economy as well as disposable income .
mainland china has become the world 's fastest growing car market .
car sales soared 80 percent last year in mainland china and are still expected to grow at 20-30 percent this year , despite signs of a recent slowdown .
us bank helped pinochet hide wealth
the prestigious riggs bank in the united states helped former chilean dictator pinochet hide millions of dollars for a total of eight years , even when pinochet was arrested in 1998 and the court ordered to freeze his assets , according to an investigation report from the us senate permanent subcommittee on investigations .
washington-based riggs bank approached pinochet in chile in 1994 and invited him to open an account with it , which pinochet agreed , said senator levin yesterday , delivering the conclusions of the investigation report to the subcommittee .
in the report levin described the 88-year-old pinochet as a " notorious military chief involved with death squads , corruption , arms sales and drug trafficking . "
the report said , " the bank opened a personal account for pinochet , helped him establish two shell companies in the bahamas , and then opened more accounts in the name of these two companies both in the us and uk . "
from 1994 to 2002 , pinochet deposited between four-million to eight-million dollars in his accounts with riggs bank , according to the report .
pinochet , who ruled chile with an iron hand from 1973-1990 , was charged for multiple human rights cases . he was arrested in london in october 1998 after spanish judge garzon demanded his extradition for trial .
however , pinochet was released afterwards on grounds of poor health and allowed to return to chile in 2000 .
un-backed audit discovered possible oil smuggling in iraq
a report released by a un-backed watchdog said that control over iraqi oil riches was loose under the us-led coalition , including use of the proceeds for a no-bid halliburton contract .
the international advisory and monitoring board ( iamb ) made the above comments in its first audit report on the development fund of iraq .
the development fund of iraq contains iraqi oil income , the balance of frozen iraqi assets , and the un oil-for-food program .
the audit by kpmg accountants office found that from the establishment of the development fund of iraq in may 2003 to the end of that same year :
? there was no mechanism to measure iraqi oil production , despite repeated requests by the iamb . it was still hard for the outside world to tell how much iraqi oil had been smuggled .
? the coalition provisional authority , which handed over power to the interim iraqi government on june 28 , had incomplete accounting systems and poor record keeping .
? iraqi spending ministries did n't have adequate accounting and payroll records , and their contract deviated from the rules requiring open and competitive bidders .
kpmg said after the auditing that known oil revenues , reported frozen assets and funds transferred from the un oil-for-food program had been listed by the development fund in a proper and transparent way .
" the single qualification to the opinion was that an unknown quantity of oil was smuggled out of iraq following the war , resulting in a loss of oil revenue , " said the report .
it is found after the audit that controls over the iraqi oil industry were insufficient to provide " reasonable assurance " , proving all iraqi oil sales proceeds are encompassed .
obese population on the rise , united states incorporating obesity treatment into medical reimbursement
the united states is going to promote one of its largest health care plans , which will pay for some medical costs for overweight people .
according to this plan , obesity has become a disease now , and overweight people are in epidemic numbers .
us secretary of health and human services thompson told a senate committee on the 8th that the health care plan , called medicare , will cover retirees and the handicapped , and it will also treat obesity as a disease to incorporate it into the scope for treatment .
however , a treatment method must prove to be effective to the obesity problem , before it can be incorporated into reimbursement .
thompson noted , " with this new policy , medicare plan will be able to review scientific evidence in order to determine which treatment methods can improve health . "
" obesity is a serious public health problem in our country that causes millions of americans to suffer unnecessary health problems and to die prematurely . "
at present , one out of three americans is overweight , and the obese population totals 59 million , more than doubled since 1980 .
figures from the department of health and human services suggest that direct economic losses resulted from obesity are growing .
the so called economic losses refer to cardiovascular diseases , diabetes and cancer caused by obesity problems , which incur an annual loss of usd 120-billion dollars .
according to a study published in march by the centers for disease control and prevention , obesity and overweight caused by poor eating habits and lack of exercises could become the leading cause of death in the united states by next year .
iraq stock exchange opened , trading volumes successively hit record highs
the iraq stock exchange , which shut the day us waged war on iraq , relaunched on june 24 , 2004 . although only open on sundays and wednesdays for two hours each day , trading volumes already set new historical records on its sixth business session to date , with more than two-billion shares swapping hands .
41-year-old jabar , a cop and broker , today sold off shares he bought at the iraq stock exchange one week ago , making three time 's his monthly salary .
" it 's really fantastic . i sold shares worth five-million dinars ( 3,500 dollars ) and made a profit of more than two-million dinars ( 1,600 dollars ) in just one trading day . what a great day , " said jabar .
" such high trading volumes are achieved with the existing primitive system . just imagine how high the trading volumes would be once the electronic trading terminals are shipped to iraq , " said abdulsalam , chief executive of the iraq stock exchange , referring to a shift from the old-fashioned paper system to fully automatic trading .
iraq stock exchange is a joint venture established by 12 iraqi brokerage firms and banks after a year 's effort . there are currently 27 listed companies , with about 100 more due to go public in the next six weeks .
there were about 300,000 investors at the baghdad stock exchange under the hussein regime . they are all eligible to trade at iraq stock exchange using new dinar .
at present , the stock exchange has around 50 brokers , and they hope in the future the exchange may open to foreign investment and expand its trading scale .
teachers accused of fleeing and abandoning pupils to inferno at an indian primary school
fire broke out on the 16th at a primary school in the small indian town of kumbakonam , claiming the lives of 90 pupils . anguish turned to anger as people accused the teachers of abandoning their pupils when the blaze whipped through the school .
shanmugam , tamil nadu state education minister , said that all thatch-roofed schools must be closed until the structures were replaced .
200 schools will be affected in the state of tamil nadu , according to television reports .
five of the school staff have been arrested by the police , but angry firemen and devastated parents claimed all teachers on duty had deserted the children while simply rushing to save their own lives .
a fireman named kumar said , " the school supervisors did not even show us to the exits and when we reached the first floor , we found screaming kids within a hall fully ablaze . "
the fire brigade also accused that pupils were locked in the classroom , unable to escape from the fire scene .
local administrator has ordered an inquiry into the teachers ' conducts .
after examining the fire scene , a police investigation team dismissed the accusation that teachers bolted the entrance door .
the investigation team said , " as a lot of children had escaped , it 's not possible that the grill door was locked .
while higher-year pupils in the school responded timely to escape , lower-year pupils were too scared to rush through the flames towards the exit . "
the police said , however , the fact that none of the teachers were injured in the blaze " exposes the lie that they tried hard to rescue children in their own classes . "
some survivors also said that 12 teachers and 2 staff on duty all fled to save their own lives when the flames were spreading out of control .
sudden infant death syndrome may be gene-related
according to a study , us scientists have discovered a gene that may be related to the development of sudden infant death syndrome .
sudden infant death syndrome kills 3,000 newborns in the united states annually .
" it 's quite helpful in offering parents answers to the sudden infant deaths problem and recognizing predisposition early , may be saving many babies suffering this disease , " said stephan , senior author of a paper published in the proceedings of the us national academy of sciences .
after studying the genes of amish people , researchers found , " these families suggested a genetic basis for the symptom . "
21 newborns died of sudden infant death syndrome in just two amish generations .
because the amish are a closely knit , stable community , researchers could study dna from the infants ' parents , siblings and other family members .
researchers found that the male infant victims of sudden infant death syndrome lacked developed testes , and they also had a tspyl gene on chromosome six .
female infants showed no such hormonal abnormalities , although they died at the same age .
researchers discovered that all infants with this disease died abruptly before their first birthdays from sudden heart and respiratory organ failure , and they all had defective tspyl gene .
researchers also found that it was an entirely new disease , which they called sudden infant death syndrome with dysgenesis of testes ( sidsst ) , according to the clinic for special children in lancaster county , pennsylvania .
pennsylvania is where the amish people live .
the study noted , " although several other genes are known to be associated with sudden infant death syndrome , this is the first time that we identify a gene which causes the initial development of sudden infant death syndrome . "
indian court ruling ordered compensation payment to victims of bhopal gas leak
an indian supreme court ruling today ordered the central bank to pay 15.03-billion rupees ( 326.7-million dollars ) to the victims of the bhopal gas leak .
the 1984 accident , known as the world 's most tragic industrial disaster , killed more than 14,000 people .
a two-judge collegial panel at the supreme court made the above ruling , after hearing a petition from survivors , victims and their families .
on the night of december 3 , 1984 , tons of toxic gas leaked from a pesticide plant of us firm union carbide in bhopal of india , leaving at least 1,750 people dead on the scene . another 2,500 died within a week .
victims ' groups say , following the incident , at least 10,000 more have since died from the gas leak .
after protracted legal actions , union carbide , now an affiliate of dow chemical , reached an agreement with the victims in 1989 , agreeing to a compensation payment of 470-million dollars to the indian government .
the supreme court then directed the government to pay 8.6 million rupees to victims in the bhopal accident and deposit the rest of the compensation in a us dollar account in the reserve bank of india .
with interest accruals , now the compensation has increased to 15.03-billion rupees , and the bank has been told to hand over this fund .
the court did not specify when the fund must be delivered but ordered the commissioner in charge of relief for victims to submit a report on the matter within three months .
merciless whaling methods arouse debates at international convention
the 57 members of the international whaling commission were holding an annual meeting in sorrento , italy . new zealand told the meeting that hunted whales often die " slowly and in agony " , thus proposing to minimize cruel whaling methods , over which the pro - and anti-whaling countries locked horns .
japan , a prominent country in the pro-whaling camp , made its annual attempt again this year by proposing to abolish the internationally recognized antarctic ocean sanctuary , but failed by 30 votes to 19 .
japan had said that it hoped to capture 3,000 minke whales a year in the antarctic ocean .
but together with other pro-whaling states , it thwarted a joint australian and new zealand proposal to establish a new sanctuary in the south pacific .
the proposal failed to gain three-quarters majority votes for its passage .
just as expected , the widest division between pro-whalers and conservationist countries came over the emotive issue of whale-killing methods .
new zealand 's conservation minister carter proposed to study methods of " human hunting " , saying , " despite a moratorium on commercial whaling operations , countries like japan , norway and iceland continue to kill thousands of whales annually , and the methods used in whale-killing are often very brutal .
if the international whaling commission can not curb whaling , it should at least seek to improve killing methods to minimize the suffering of hunted whales . "
shooting harpoons with explosive grenade on the head is still the primary method used in whaling . other methods include firing high caliber rifle and darting harpoons attached with floats , designed to slow down a wounded whale .
carter said a recent report revealed that minke whales off greenland took an average 14 minutes to die after being hit by harpoons or wounded by gunshot , and the average time for fin whales was 114 minutes . people also saw another whale suffering 12 hours before it died .
former chilean dictator pinochet faces fraud charges
former chilean dictator pinochet , suspected of depositing multi-million us dollars in secret us bank accounts , faces fraud and other charges laid by chilean lawyers . if this is verified through probes , though a human rights abuser , pinochet 's fame of incorruptness will be also be tainted .
chilean lawyers hertz and insunza laid the above charges after the release of a us congressional investigation report , which pointed out the prestigious riggs bank in washington had ignored financial regulations and was suspected of helping pinochet launder money between 1994 and 2002 .
it is said that the amount involved in the money laundering by riggs bank for pinochet was between 4-8-million us dollars .
after entering the charges at santiago 's court of appeals , lawyer hertz said chilean justice authority must investigate however many crimes pinochet had committed .
" no one in chile is above the law , " visiting chilean president lagos said in new york after meeting un secretary general annan .
chile 's state defense council announced this monday that it would investigate how , as a soldier , pinochet could have amassed such a huge fortune , including investigation in the origins of pinochet 's money , and whether he had defrauded the country or evaded taxes .
but pinochet 's son , marco antonio pinochet , defended his father by saying , " the money is only donations from others and my father 's personal savings . "
when meeting chilean president lagos on monday , us president bush promised that the us would conduct " full investigation " into riggs bank for helping pinochet hide assets even after pinochet 's arrest in london in 1998 .
turning a blind eye to un resolution , israel vows to continue with separation barrier
israel vowed today to continue building its west bank separation barrier despite a resolution passed at the un general assembly by overwhelming votes , which endorsed the world court 's ruling that the barrier built by israel on palestinian land was illegal and should be dismantled .
the resolution passed at the un was seen as a crucial diplomatic victory of the palestinians .
" the resolution passed at the un intends to take away such security shield without offering us an alternative way of protecting ourselves against terrorism , " said gold , a senior advisor to israeli prime minister sharon .
" we definitely have a right to defend ourselves and are determined to construct such fence , " gold , the former israeli ambassador to the united nations , told afp on today .
the un general assembly voted in favor of the resolution by 150 to 6 on the evening of the 20th , with 10 abstentions , to endorse a recent non-binding ruling by hague-based world court , which pointed out that the barrier built by israel was illegal and that parts already built on palestinian land must be dismantled .
assembly resolutions have no legal force either , but represent the mainstream of global opinion . the palestinians scored a major victory in getting all 25 members of the european union to approve the resolution unanimously .
the united states was among the handful of nations that cast a nay vote .
israeli ambassador to the united nations gillerman condemned the " disgraceful support " of the eu nations , criticizing france in particular .
computer internet security experts warn about attacks by new wave of computer viruses
a new type of computer viruses , modified by hackers and able to avoid detection , is spreading across the internet at an alarming rate , internet security experts at the us firm computer associates said today .
most of the computer viruses are new versions of old viruses , some of which have trojan horse programs that can allow a hacker to take control of an infected computer to send spam or direct attacks to other computers .
computer associates said it discovered new variants of the computer viruses mixing bagle and mydoom , and number detected " was climbing at an alarming rate . "
" with five bagle variants appearing in six days , quite a few new techniques and the re-emergence of mydoom , the internet has become an environment with intense threats , " said sam curry , vice president of computer associates .
the original mydoom computer virus appeared in january this year , infecting one-million computers worldwide in just a few days . major symptoms are causing internet traffic jam and significantly slowing down e-mail delivery .
at the same time , another internet security firm , mcafee , raised the risk assessment on the recently discovered bagle.ai computer virus .
mcafee said bagle.ai could use " spoofed " , that is forged senders ' email addresses , making bagle.ai appear to be an e-mail from a friend or appear to have music or photo attachments .
" users should be very wary and should delete any e-mails containing ' foto3 and mp3 ' , ' fotogalary and music ' and other emails with attachments , " said mcafee .
survey says living costs for expatriates in mainland china higher than new york and tokyo
a latest survey shows that companies worldwide are increasingly moving staff and offices to global investment hotspot , mainland china , but while still a developing country it has some of the world 's highest living costs for expatriates .
conducted by the us firm mercer human resource consulting , the survey suggests that apartment rents and tuition for children in some expatriate hubs in the mainland are even more expensive than cities like new york and tokyo .
for example , at a major expatriate hub in shanghai , a 200-square-meter residence with furniture rents at 9,400 us dollars per month .
such a rent is higher than 7,500 dollars in new york , according to results seen by the correspondent .
beijing ranks no . 1 among the most expensive cities in terms of living costs for expatriates in mainland china , followed by shanghai and shenzhen in the south .
charges at expatriate schools in mainland china are also very expensive . according to the survey results , annual tuition comes to 17,000 us dollars at local kindergartens , 18,000 us dollars at primary schools and 19,000 us dollars at middle schools , all higher than the average 15,000 us dollars at primary and middle schools in hong kong and 17,000 us dollars in tokyo .
the above-mentioned survey is part of an annual study of 144 cities around the world , which is designed to help multinational companies understand the costs of stationing staff overseas .
the part of the survey on mainland china will be released this week .
the survey makes comparison on more than 200 spending items in each location , including food , clothing , housing , transportation , as well as household goods and entertainment .
greenback rallies against euro , buoyed by greenspan 's words
the us dollar rallied against other major currencies today as the market expected rate hikes to continue , as seen from federal reserve board chairman greenspan 's upbeat comments about the us economy .
euro opened at 1:1.2251 us dollars in london , as compared with yesterday 's closing price of 1.2259 in new york .
the us dollar traded at 109.75 yen , slightly down from yesterday 's 109.77 in new york .
in two of his speeches this week , when setting out the biannual economic outlook by the federal reserve board , greenspan has heightened market expectations that the us central bank will raise interest rates at a rate policy meeting on august 5 .
greenspan 's testimony yesterday to the house of representatives did not alter the positive and upbeat assessment in his testimony given a day earlier to the senate banking committee , though he warned that the growth of us job market would be hindered due to strong productivity increase .
the federal reserve board changed its stance last month , raising interest rates by 0.25 percent from 46-year lows of one percent , as the first step to cope with inflation .
however , the market had expected that us rate hikes will not be so aggressive , due to concerns that the pace of recovery in the us may not be as fast as anticipated .
now analysts expect the key interest rate to rise gradually to around 3.5 percent by the end of next year .
however , while the us dollar has been buoyed by greenspan 's words , analysts said lacking key economic indicator release for the remainder of the week , the market will not be further inspired to buy in us dollars .
anti-whaling nations scored major victory , inhumane hunting prohibited
anti-whaling nations scored a major victory at a meeting of the international whaling commission , where a resolution was passed , requiring minimum " slowness and cruelty " in future whale hunting .
the resolution proposed by new zealand was approved by 27 votes to 22 , proving that anti-whaling nations still hold the balance of power in the international whaling commission , which has 57 member states globally .
longtime whaling advocate japan put forward a proposal , as per its annual routine , to abolish the internationally recognized antarctic ocean sanctuary , but the proposal failed by 30 votes to 19 .
japan had expressed its intention to capture 3,000 minke whales annually in the antarctic ocean sanctuary .
but together with other pro-whaling nations , japan successfully thwarted a joint new zealand and australian proposal to open up an additional sanctuary in the south pacific , which failed to attain the threshold three-quarters affirmative votes .
a similar proposal by brazil and argentina to open up a sanctuary in the south atlantic also failed .
the sharpest disputes in the meeting came from different views between pro-whalers and conservationist countries on the methods of whale-killing .
new zealand 's conservation minister carter said in the introduction of a " human hunting " proposal , " despite a global ban on commercial whaling , countries like japan , norway and iceland continue to kill thousands of whales annually , and the methods used in killing are often very brutal .
if the international whaling commission can not stop whaling , it should at least seek for more humane killing methods . "
the international whaling commission currently allows whaling for " scientific research " , based on which japan and iceland kill hundreds of whales a year . but opponents say such whaling actually has commercial purposes behind it .
continuous disruptions and conflicts in iraq claimed at least 11 lives
security is a headache for the new iraqi government . at least 11 people including a us soldier were killed in a series of attacks in capital baghdad and cities where rebels were entrenched .
in baghdad a hospital was hit by a missile and car bomb exploded in a residential district , and in ramadi us soldiers engaged in fighting with the insurgents .
iraqi government , on its road for only three weeks , faces a major trial of cracking down insurgent forces .
insurgent forces continued to strengthen under the administration of us troops . they now instigate organized attacks almost daily , carry out assassinations and take foreigners hostage without interruption , causing a string of chaos and upset .
two people were killed and four wounded when a missile was fired into the seventh floor of the khairallah hospital in baghdad .
it was still not clear so far if the hospital itself was the target .
an afp correspondent witnessing the scene said that the missile punctured the windows at the hospital front and passed through two wards , leaving medical equipment and broken glass scattered on the blood-stained floor .
in a residential district of baghdad , a car bomb blast killed three people .
the force of the blast sent body parts hurtling onto the roof of neighboring houses , police and witnesses said .
in ramadi , where rebels are rampant , at least four people were killed and 14 wounded in clashes between the us troops and rebels and a car bomb explosion yet to be confirmed , police and medical staff said .
in duluiyah , a small town near samarra , a us soldier on a night patrol was killed by a roadside bomb and six others wounded .
according to pentagon figures , the casualty of us troops has climbed to 662 since the united states launched the us-iraqi war in march last year .
bush said justice department should fully investigate berger 's illegal removal of documents
us president bush said the justice department should fully investigate berger , democratic presidential candidate kerry 's diplomatic advisor , who had illegally taken classified documents from us government archives .
bush 's comments came a day after berger , former white house national security adviser in president clinton era , admitted that he had improperly removed classified documents from the national archives before testifying at congress in march this year to a commission probing the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
on another front , bush 's reelection camp said kerry should clarify whether he benefited from the documents taken by berger , who was forced to resign as kerry 's advisor due to this development .
" this is a very serious matter that will be fully investigated by the justice department , " bush said .
the newly revealed development comes at an awkward time for the kerry 's camp . the democratic national convention will be held in boston next week , which will formally nominate kerry to represent the democrats in this year 's presidential election .
the correspondent could n't reach kerry 's camp for comment for the time being , but democratic national committee chairman mcauliffe has filed an application according to the freedom of information act , requesting the release of any correspondence on berger between the white house and the justice department .
mcauliffe said in his application , " as the bush administration and the department of justice may politicize the ongoing investigation , it is imperative that this request , based on the freedom of information , is processed in an expedited manner . "
someone close to berger has accused that the revelation on his improper removal of documents was part of a smear campaign , and he also questioned the timing of the information release .
agreement reached to save 500 million euros between daimlerchrysler labor and management
employees at german-us auto company daimlerchrysler have agreed to a 500-million-euro ( 615-million us dollars ) cost-saving plan , in order to safeguard thousands of jobs in german factories by working longer hours and sacrificing benefits .
german chancellor schroeder described the deal as a " triumph of reason " , as it was expected to set a precedent for other companies in germany that hoped to be more competitive through pay cut and longer working hours .
in particular , rival auto company volkswagen is currently discussing ways of axing costs . volkswagen lost its share in key markets and suffered deep fall in profits in the first half of this year .
" i am convinced that after daimlerchrysler , the negotiations at volkswagen on cutting costs and safeguarding jobs will lead to a successful agreement , " schroeder said in a statement .
following a marathon 16 hours of " tough and constructive " talks , labor and management at daimlerchrysler reached a compromise on the early morning of the 23rd .
under this so-called " employment pact , " employee representatives , who had originally been willing to accept only 180-million euros in cost-cutting measures , agreed to management 's demands for a significant cost cut of 500-million euros , in return for the company 's promise of no redundancies until 2012 .
unions had repeatedly staged temporary walkouts over the past two weeks to protest against the cost-cutting plans , while the company management had threatened to slash 6,000 jobs at a mercedes-benz factory in sindelfingen near stuttgart .
experts : rapid economic development in asia exacerbating floods
as floods ravage in asia , where experts say some cases are the worst in local people 's memory , experts have warned that such disasters are likely to increase with rapid economic development in the asian region .
while rain levels in the asian region have remained pretty steady for the past few years , changes in land use methods , especially deforestation and urbanization along with economic growth have led to increasingly worse flooding , experts said .
the chinese university of hong kong geography professor david chen said , " floods are as much man-made as they are natural disasters .
there is a gap between economic growth and provisions for coping with the resulting impact it is having on the environment - - and floods are one outcome of economic development . "
the main cause of flooding is rain overflow .
most rainwater is absorbed into the soil and lakes in rural areas , but in concrete and stone-built towns and cities rainwater literally swills around with nowhere to go .
hong kong baptist university meteorologist kenneth wong said " it 's all about the question of permeability .
rural areas are more permeable . the soil can absorb water and hold it , whereas cities ca n't .
if they do n't have proper overflow drainage systems , then flooding occurs . "
deforestation has the same impact on rural areas as that on cities , with vital tree and shrub roots that help the soil hold water being removed .
the worst floods this year have happened in the areas of fastest economic growth and urbanization , china and india .
mainland china plans to ban promotion of breast-milk substitutes
an official from the mainland china health ministry said there was a plan to ban the marketing of breast-milk substitutes , such as baby milk powder , and to strengthen market regulation .
christian voumard , an official of the united nations children 's fund ( unicef ) in china , was quoted by xinhua news agency as saying , this new measure was primarily due to the down trend in the percentage of exclusively breast-fed infants less than four months old - - from 76 percent in 1998 to 67 percent now .
an international seminar was held in beijing on july 22 , to discuss criteria of baby milk powder market regulation .
more than 30 representatives attended , including officials from chinese governmental departments and international organizations such as the world health organization ( who ) and unicef .
the report noted the drop in breast-feeding percentage in mainland china was partially attributed to the enormous amount of baby milk powder advertisements ; in addition , an opened-up mainland market had attracted foreign firms coming for the profitable market cake ; there are 19-million newborns annually across the mainland .
mainland china introduced the law on maternal and infant health care in 1995 , which stipulated that medical institutions should provide child care guidance and nutrition information to new mothers and women .
another rule was established in the same year , requiring commercially available breast-milk substitutes to be formulated in compliance with international standards .
voumard said there were serious concerns resulted from failure of breast milk substitutes to meet international standards and an increasingly large user base .
early this year , a fake baby milk powder scandal emerged in anhui province , mainland china , where at least a dozen babies died in april due to inferior milk powder feeding , while hundreds of others suffered from " big head " disease , or a medical complication caused by malnutrition .
britain said foreign secretary to visit sudan next month as us proposed sanctions on sudan
strife in darfur region , west sudan , has aroused mounting concern from various parties . britain said today it would send foreign secretary straw to sudan next month for mediation , while the us yesterday submitted a proposal to the un security council , warning the sudanese government that it would face sanctions unless militants staging the insurgencies were arrested .
straw will visit sudan capital khartoum by august 25 , said a british foreign office spokesman .
just before the announcement from the british government , prime minister blair dismissed a report as " premature " .
the report said blair had drawn up a plan to send troops to sudan , amid international pressure on the sudanese government to resolve the crisis .
pope paul ii also sent an envoy to sudan yesterday , calling on the conflicting parties to end the disputes .
the darfur region , where the united nations described as the world 's " worst humanitarian disaster " , is facing a major famine , and humanitarian relief operations are hindered by continuous heavy rains .
straw earlier called on the sudanese government to take necessary actions in the darfur region .
regional separationists rose up in darfur february last year , but they were encountered by government troops and arab militias loyal to the government , which so far has left an estimated 10,000 people dead and about one-million homeless .
the us draft resolution put forward to the united nations , obtained by afp , said the sudanese government must bring to justice leaders of the arab militias or face the still unspecified sanctions within 30 days .
kuwaiti foreign minister discussing hostage crisis with india and others
kuwaiti foreign minister is consulting with the governments of india , kenya and egypt over their nationals who have been taken hostage and threatened to be executed by iraqi militants , according to reports .
iraqi militants threatened that these hostages will be killed one by one unless their kuwaiti employer leaves iraq .
kuwaiti foreign minister sabah was quoted as saying , " once the hostage-taking was confirmed , kuwait will consult with the three countries that also have nationals under hostage . "
an official at the kuwaiti employer , gulf link transport , said the company would " do all it can to rescue these seven truck drivers and have them released . "
" we will never abandon them ! " said the official , who requested anonymity . but he did n't reveal whether or not the abductors had made contact with the company .
these hostages , including three kenyans , three indians and an egyptian , were abducted by an islamic extremist group calling itself the black flags , according to a videotape received by afp on the 22nd .
the video showed , the kidnappers demanded the company to leave iraq and close its business offices , otherwise one hostage would be killed every 72 hours until the company met this requirement .
cairo confirmed that a driver named ali had been kidnapped and said it had made " official and non-official contacts " for his rescue .
besides , kenyan government also strongly urged kenyan nationals in iraq to leave the country " immediately " on the 22nd .
india was also seeking the release of the three indian hostages , respectively antaryami , raj and singh .
an indian cabinet official said foreign minister natwar singh had made a statement over arabic television stations including the qatar-based al-jazeera , saying the hostages should be released " since india had no troops stationed in iraq . "
us troops raid zarqawi 's hideout and iraqi pm holds firm on anti-terrorism
us warplanes raided a civil residential house in fallujah city west of baghdad , which was a suspected hideout of zarqawi , the al-qaeda terrorist group 's operation chief . allawi , prime minister of the interim iraqi government , vowed there would be no dialogue at all with terrorists .
according to a us military statement , this dawn strike took aim at a dozen people in the courtyard of a civil residential house in the southwestern part of fallujah .
a similar strike was carried out by us troops five days ago , killing eleven people .
the us military statement did n't reveal if the dawn attack led to any casualties .
a hospital in fallujah said five wounded , including two children , were sent to the hospital after the attack .
the us military said they conducted seven similar operations over the past month against zarqawi 's forces in fallujah and this strike was carried out in coordination with the interim iraqi government .
iraqi prime minister allawi , who is on a middle east tour at the moment , said in cairo on the 22nd that his government would not dialogue or negotiate with foreign fighters , and behind the car bombings and rebellion attacks in iraq , most of the evils were foreign fighters .
allawi also met with iraq 's highest sunni religious authority , trying to win their help in handling the militant islamic militias and sunni foreign fighters affiliated with zarqawi .
both the us troops and the interim government have accused that some of the worst and bloodiest attacks in iraq over the past 15 months were troubles created by these foreign fighters who came from neighboring states .
south korean government to stabilize won value through bond issuance
yonhap news agency reported today that the south korean government would issue a total of six-trillion won ( 5.1-billion us dollars ) worth of bonds from july to december in order to stabilize won value .
yonhap agency quoted choi jung-kyung ( transliterated ) , a senior official from the ministry of finance and economy , as saying the south korean government would issue one-trillion won ( 857-million us dollars ) worth of won-denominated bonds every month between july and december .
the correspondent today could not reach officials at the ministry of finance and economy to confirm this report .
choi jung-kyung said the parliament has approved the government to use 11.8-trillion won this year through the issuance of such bonds in order to help stabilize the currency market and fend off currency speculators .
lee hun-jai , south korean minister of finance and economy , hinted yesterday that the government could intervene to prevent the won 's further rise .
" among asian currencies , the won has appreciated most against the us dollar , " lee hun-jai said .
as of yesterday , the won has risen 2.2 percent against the us dollar this year .
the exchange price of the won closed at 1,166.20 won against one us dollar yesterday , with the closing price of 1,192.60 won against one us dollar at the end of last year .
south korea 's exports jumped 30 percent in the first half of this year , but both government officials and economists predict that export gains will significantly slow down in the second half of this year , inevitably dragging down south korea 's economic growth .
the bank of korea this month raised south korea 's economic growth forecast for the first half of this year to 5.4 percent from 4.8 percent , while leaving the full-year forecast unchanged at growing 5.2 percent .
bush 's military payroll records that were believed destroyed have been located
president bush 's payroll records for the period when he served in the air national guard during the vietnam war appeared in washington , several weeks after officials said these records had been accidentally destroyed , us media reported .
however , the washington post and the washington times reported today that these records could not answer the key question of whether or not bush performed military duty in alabama between may 1972 and may 1973 .
no other national guard officers or soldiers at the time remember seeing bush in alabama .
the democratic party accused bush of avoiding military duty when a lot of drafted americans were risking their lives by fighting in the vietnam war .
the department of defense released bush 's payroll records for the first quarter of 1969 and the third quarter of 1972 . the former was when bush served in the texas air national guard , and the latter was when he had been transferred to the alabama national guard .
what these records show is the same as bush 's military records the white house released earlier , which is bush did not perform service in the third quarter of 1972 .
at that time he left the texas air national guard unit and was transferred to alabama .
various us news organizations , including the washington post and the washington times , asked for bush 's above records from the defense department 's office of freedom of information and security review .
in early july the defense department said the payroll records of national guard officers and soldiers kept in denver , colorado , were destroyed in 1996 and 1997 in an effort to salvage damaged microfilm , and that no backup written copies were found .
arafat faces new challenges as gunmen demand his immediate relative 's sacking
a group of gunmen occupied a government building in the khan yunis region of gaza strip this morning , requesting palestinian leader arafat to remove his cousin , musa arafat , from the post of gaza security chief and to reinstate the over 50 security officers that were previously fired .
after a reinstatement agreement was reached for the above security officers , some 20 masked gunmen ended their five-hour siege and protest session around noon .
in addition , a police station in the village of al-zawaida , near the deir al-balah region , was burned down by unidentified attackers today . there were no reports of casualties and no claim of responsibility by any group so far .
israeli troops destroyed six palestinian houses in the rafah refugee camp in southern gaza strip , reminding people of a massive demolition operation by israel against palestinian residential houses that sparked international outrage , palestinian security sources said .
a radical member of the " al-aqsa martyrs brigade " , an armed offshoot of arafat 's fatah group , said in a telephone interview from the occupied government building that the gunmen requested the removal of musa arafat and the reinstatement of more than 50 security officers .
al-aqsa martyrs brigade has been leading violent protests in the gaza strip against arafat 's appointment of his cousin musa as the gaza security chief for the past two weeks .
witnesses said some 20 armed and masked men intruded into the government building this early morning and occupied the building after forcing everyone out .
palestinian security sources said the masked gunmen ended their five-hour siege and protest at about noon ( 5:00 pm taipei time ) after an reinstatement agreement was reached for the security officers .
australian foreign minister blames philippines and spain on encouraging terrorists
australian foreign minister downer today accused the philippines and spain of encouraging threat from an iraqi militia group , saying both the philippines and spain had " encouraged " terrorists by yielding to their requests .
downer said the new threat by a group calling itself " islamic tawhid group " , which claims to be an al-qaeda branch in europe , was a direct result of philippines and spain 's withdrawal of troops from iraq .
downer told channel nine , an australian tv station , " it��s very important that we send a strong message : we will not accept the threats from terrorist groups .
you have to fight against these people , because if you do n't , you encourage them . "
" islamic tawhid group " issued a threat last night , warning australia and italy that it would carry out car bombing attacks in both these two countries unless their troops were withdrawn , reports here said .
downer said he had never heard of this group , but insisted that the australian government would never give in to any terrorist threats .
the same group made similar threats against poland and bulgaria last week .
" this islamic tawhid group is n't a group we 're familiar with but nevertheless we take its threat that was published on the internet seriously , " downer told channel nine .
he said , " this threat reminds us that we have to be absolutely determined in the face of the threats from terrorists and never give in to threats . "
us military said more vigilante may be active in afghanistan
siepmann , a spokesman for us military in afghanistan , said there might be more vigilante members carrying out activities in afghanistan , who were similar to the three us citizens .
the three us citizens were tried for setting up a private prison in the afghan capital kabul .
but siepmann said the example of idema and two others could still help the coalition and afghan authorities to find out and crack down on similar future activities .
idema and others were arrested this month .
" it is entirely possible that there are other groups acting independently , " siepmann said after being asked if similar groups could be operating in the war-shattered afghanistan .
" however i think the issue of idema has made parties involved , such as afghan government and the coalition , more aware of what 's going on and look out for this sort of behavior , " he told a news briefing in kabul .
idema , caraballo and bennett are charged with running a private jail and torturing eight afghans without the permission of the afghan or us authorities .
on wednesday , idema told an afghan investigation court that he acted with the full knowledge of us state department officials , including secretary of state powell .
he said that he had captured the taliban intelligence chief in the eastern afghan city of jalalabad and passed him to the us-led coalition for inquest .
the coalition admitted on thursday that they had taken suspects from idema and others , but denied idema had been working for the us military .
the us state department and the us military in afghanistan denied repeatedly earlier that idema had any ties with the us government or military .
the case has become another scandal and embarrassment for the us military , which was already lambasted by human rights groups for mistreating detainees in afghanistan and iraq .
yudhoyono confirmed as winner of indonesian presidential election by manual recount
indonesian general election commission said today a final tally of most votes in the presidential election had confirmed ex-general yudhoyono as the winner .
the authority was expected to announce the official election results tomorrow .
subekti , a member of the indonesian general election commission , said the commission completed a manual count of votes from 25 of the country 's 32 provinces last night , where the results of four provinces still needed re-checking , and the vote-count for the remaining seven provinces was expected to be finished today .
the tally completed by the electronic count showed yudhoyono and his running mate to be the winners of the presidential election held on the 5th of this month , with incumbent president megawati sukarnoputri in second place .
the electronic count has tallied nearly 70 percent of the ballots . the figure is equivalent to the turnover level of this indonesian presidential election .
the general election commission is scheduled to announce the final official results on the 26th . this is the first direct presidential election in the indonesian history .
the result of the electronic vote count showed yudhoyono , who participated in the presidential election after resigning as the coordinating minister for political and security affairs , had won nearly 34 percent of the ballots and megawati had just 26 percent .
in third place is yudhoyono 's former supervisor - - retired general wiranto , who got 22 percent of the ballots .
the top two candidates with the highest votes may have to hold a runoff vote in september to determine who will be the new host of the president 's office .
wiranto 's camp refused to accept results of the recount last night , alleging there were fraudulent and illegal practices in the voting and ballot-counting processes .
democratic convention to open with unprecedented tight security in boston
throngs of democrats and security guards have flooded into massachusetts city of boston , united states , as the democrats are to open its national convention here with a pledge to oust president bush from the white house .
5,000 party delegates , 15,000 ceremony guests and 15,000 media reporters flooded into senator kerry 's hometown , to attend the four-day democratic national convention opening tomorrow , at which they will nominate kerry as the party 's presidential candidate to participate in the november 2 presidential election .
as this is the first large-scale national political gathering in the united states since the september 11 , 2001 attacks , security guard was tight to an unprecedented degree , and us officials warned earlier that al-qaeda group was planning new attacks on the us to disrupt the us election .
the us fbi also said two days earlier that it had received unconfirmed reports that a domestic group was planning to attack media vehicles with explosive or incendiary devices during the gathering .
some 3,000 federal and local law enforcement officers have met in the city for guard purpose , and the 65-kilometer or so roadway leading to the convention venue were to be closed down .
sewer outlets were sealed , and mailboxes , garbage cans , and newspaper vending machines that could conceal a bomb were totally removed .
patrol has been strengthened at boston harbor to block potential infiltrators .
some police officers are equipped with hand-held computers , roofs are installed with cameras capable of reading license plates , and bomb detectors are also deployed .
congress has approved a 50-million-dollar budget for security maintenance , but the final spending is still unknown .
armstrong accomplished six-time victory cause as wished in tour de france
us postal service team cyclist armstrong won the tour champion with a total score of 83 hours 36 minutes 2 seconds after completing the 20th stage of the tour de france into paris , becoming the first six-time winner in the history of tour de france .
the quick step team 's belgian cyclist boonen won the champion of the 20th stage , a 163km ride from montereau to paris , in 4 hours 8 minutes 26 seconds ; australian mcewen deserved his title " king of final sprint " , securing his second green jersey for the points competition after year 2002 .
ag2r team 's frenchman nazon won the second place of this stage . in third place was german hondo , with mcewen claiming fourth place of the final stage .
most pitifully was hushovd , who missed the final sprint opportunity at the final bend before the home straight and fell behind significantly .
frenchman virenque won the polka dot jersey seven times and was the king of the mountains in tour de france .
the 32-year-old armstrong won five stages in this year 's race . thus , the total number of stage champions he has won in his 10 participations in tour de france accumulated to 21 , equaling the record of five stage champions in a single race created by anquetil , merckx , hinault and indurain last year .
however , armstrong 's strongest rival ullrich of german t-mobile team , who is the 1997 champion and five-time runner up in tour de france , was not favored by luck this year and ranked the fourth with a total score gap of 8 minutes 50 seconds .
however , ullrich 's teammate kloden gave a masterly performance in the final time trial of the race on saturday and secured the runner-up place 6 minutes 19 seconds back , defeating csc team 's italian cyclist basso who held the third place , overall 6 minutes 40 seconds back .
20,000 macedonians protest decentralization bill
today some 20,000 macedonians braved downpour in capital skopje to protest a decentralization bill being discussed in parliament that would redraw local government boundaries and grant more power to ethnic albanian minority .
according to police , an enormous demonstration crowd gathered by the opposition parties marched in the heavy pour , shouting : " no division of macedonia . "
security was tight in the capital today .
this came after the bloody clashes last week in struga region , southwest macedonia , which left 30 people injured .
the bill is designed to expand the representation of ethnic albanian citizens in major cities including the capital , and is also part of the terms in the eu-backed ohrid peace accord .
this resulted in ethic violence in macedonia in 2001 , which ended seven month later under the eu intervention .
however , the ethnic macedonian majority is almost unanimously opposed to the decentralization bill , seeing it as a federalization bill that eventually could lead to the creation of a so-called " greater albania " nation by ethnic albanian extremists .
however , kondarko , spokesman for the biggest party in the macedonian ruling coalition , dismissed the argument that macedonia will experience ethic split-up .
" the government 's policy is to implement the decentralization reform as soon as possible , because that is an important part of the ( ohrid ) accord , " he said .
kondarko noted local administrations would be more " efficient " after decentralization is implemented .
he said , " macedonia is a united european country . the accusation from the opposition camp that someone is trying to divide or sell macedonia is unacceptable . "
200 north korean defectors arrive in south korea
more than 200 north korean defectors have arrived at a military airport in south korea today on a chartered flight from an asian country , witness said .
officials and experts said this batch of north korean defectors , having escaped from north korea in a hope to settle down in south korea , was the largest in history .
officials in seoul said the refugees arrived at seongnam military airport south of seoul from a third country on an asiana airlines commercial flight .
but out of security considerations , they did n't disclose the name of the country .
the asian country is expected to send another batch of refugees to south korea on the 28th , when the two batches of refugees would total more than 450 .
in recent years , an increasing number of people have been escaping the communist north korea . with heavy guarded inter-korean border , it 's extremely difficult to escape directly from north korea to south korea .
usually the defectors would first cross the northern border into china before fleeing to a third country to seek asylum .
as a close ally to north korea , china is not willing to see the exiles as refugees , rather it considers them illegal economic migrants .
if captured by china , the exiles will be repatriated to north korea .
according to seoul media reports , the asian country that had housed the over 400 exiles threatened to send them back to china unless south korea would accept the refugees .
about 5,000 north koreans have defected to south korea since the korean war ended in 1953 .
the number of refugees soared in recent years , with 1,140 in 2002 and as much as 1,285 in 2003 , climbing from 583 in 2001 .
from january to june this year , a total of 760 north korean refugees arrived here , mostly via china .
at present , tens of thousands of north koreans are said to be hiding in china .
the refugees are expected to be debriefed by representatives from government agencies , including the south korean national intelligence service , before being sent to resettlement centers .
who is more competent for the wartime leadership role , kerry challenges bush
with " national security " the most crucial campaign issue in november 's us presidential election polling , democratic candidate kerry is exerting all his efforts trying to convince voters he can better safeguard america than republican president bush .
the democratic national convention is being held in boston . while party delegates sing high praise for kerry , he will declare at a campaign rally today in norfolk , virginia , that he will be more competent for the presidency than bush once there is a warfare .
norfolk is a us naval base and one of the country 's largest hub of military veterans .
polls show kerry and bush running neck-and-neck in the race for the white house , but in an atmosphere heavily colored by the war on terrorism , bush is still considered a stronger leader .
kerry , a vietnam veteran with shining military exploits , is able to be selected as the democratic presidential nominee , mainly because he is recognized as the candidate with the greatest chance to challenge bush on the issue of national security .
kerry 's campaign has described his military records in great detail , and the party convention in boston is dedicated to promoting such image of kerry .
he will formally accept his nomination by the convention as the presidential candidate on the 29th .
several veterans are scheduled to speak at the four-day convention , including rassman , a green beret special force member that kerry saved under enemy fire , who will testify to kerry 's courage .
kerry will also be introduced to the podium by former georgia senator cleland , who lost three of his four limbs in the vietnam war .
french foreign minister arrives in sudan 's strife-torn darfur region
french foreign minister barnier today arrived in sudan 's strife-torn darfur region where he met with observers from the african union responsible for monitoring a virtually ignored ceasefire accord , diplomatic sources in sudanese capital khartoum said .
they added that barnier also visited a refugee camp at abu chouk county , near the city of el fasher , the capital of north darfur state .
barnier is to leave darfur later today for ndjamena , the capital of chad republic , which borders darfur to the west and houses a total of 200,000 sudanese refugees .
he is scheduled to visit chadian border town of abeche to hold talks with chadian president deby , who has been hoping to mediate and dissolve the darfur crisis .
barnier 's trip came as the international community intensified pressure to end a conflict between darfur rebels and government-backed militia that has killed 50,000 people and left one-million homeless .
barnier arrived in senegalese capital dakar on the 26th , starting a three-day tour of african countries . on his arrival in dakar , he said that " france is ' very motivated ' to resolve the darfur crisis . "
the united nations has called darfur crisis the world 's worst humanitarian crisis , where more than 1.2-million people have escaped from their homeland in the darfur region since february last year , when rebels rose up against the khartoum administration .
the reason that these rebels rose up was to pretest the arabian-dominated government of the wealthy oil-rich state , thinking they had ignored the darfur region , where african blacks accounted for the majority of the population .
kerry to deliver nomination acceptance speech at democratic national convention
kerry , poised to accept the nomination by the us democratic party to run for president , is to deliver the most important speech of his political life on thursday , hoping to touch voters and convince americans he has the capability to replace incumbent president bush .
kerry is due to accept the democratic nomination for candidature and wrap up the party 's four-day national convention , to get ready for a heated campaign battle for the next three months , with the whole world awaiting the outcome .
polls show kerry and bush are running a close race , but bush takes the upper hand when it comes to the issue of national security .
this has now become a key issue in the us following the september 11 , 2001 attacks and the start of the war in iraq .
for the first time since the end of the cold war , opinion polls show foreign policy is a key issue for nearly half of us voters , and the democratic party has used the national convention this week to describe bush as a dangerous world leader with wrong values .
kerry 's vice-presidential running mate edwards on wednesday denounced the " hateful and negative political situation " under bush 's leadership and promised to improve the united states in the future , so as to repair us foreign relations damaged by the unsupported iraq war .
kerry 's nomination acceptance speech on thursday will wrap up the nearly one-year effort to gain nomination . the past period is a tough season of state primary elections in which edwards , a freshman to national politics , was once kerry 's strongest rival .
although kerry has served as a senator for two decades and participated the vietnam war with military decorations , leaving a deep impression on the voters will be a hard job , and polls show most voters do n't know what he stands for .
the 60-year-old aristocratic kerry , son of bigwigs and husband of a wealthy lady , is hard to shake off a dull and charmless image and lacks the easy-going demeanor essential in the us politics .
us democrats count on edwards to energize their campaign
us democrats are counting on edwards , their vice-presidential candidate to use his superior oratorical ability , honed as a trial lawyer , and southern charm to lift presidential candidate kerry 's somewhat lackluster campaign momentum .
edwards has brought youth and energy to the democratic campaign having made a dramatic shift from the law to politics and made amazing progress in a short time .
the senator has gained enormous popularity at campaign rallies across the country with his story of humble origin as the son of a poor factory worker and his vow to fight for the disadvantaged group .
he gave a passionate performance in a bid to win the democratic nomination and once kerry 's lead became clear , edwards was always the public favorite to be the vice-presidential candidate for the november 2 presidential election .
many see edwards as a possible future president and even kerry , who traded harsh words with edwards , expressed admiration for his rival 's personal style after the nomination battle was over .
kerry said , " edwards brings a compelling voice to our party , representing great eloquence for working men and women across the country and great promise for leadership for the years to come . "
edwards is expected to strengthen the democratic effort in the south , where votes were swept by republican president bush in the presidential election four years ago .
edwards 's vigor , oratorical ability and unsophisticated charm are seen as a big boost for the party , as democrats are worried that northerner kerry 's performance often gives people a dull and aloof feeling .
democrats nominate kerry to run for president , heaping blames on bush
us democrats yesterday formally nominated senator kerry to run for president , setting the campaign tone on lambasting the primary axis of bush 's campaign - - republican national security record .
the democratic national convention formally anointed kerry as the presidential candidate , following a speech given by kerry 's running mate edwards .
in his speech , edwards hailed kerry as a battle-tested warrior bent on eliminating years of bush 's " hateful and negative politics . "
after kerry 's nomination was approved by the nearly unanimous vote of more than 4,300 party delegates , the party convention on the 29th will reserve the stage to kerry , for him to deliver the nomination acceptance speech , which could be a decisive moment in his bid to enter the white house .
analysts say , with polls showing voters still unclear about the kerry 's character and policies , the 60-year-old candidate and four-term massachusetts senator , will certainly consider the speech a once-in-a-lifetime chance to counter republican charges that he is weak and speaks evasively .
edwards , an eloquent senator from north carolina , did his best today on the party 's national convention to promote his new boss . while singing high praise for kerry , he also strongly assailed the opponents they will face on november 2 .
" you , the american people , you can reject the tired , old , hateful , negative politics of the past . instead you can embrace the politics of hope , the politics of what 's possible because this is america , " he said .
sumitomo mitsui challenges mitsubishi tokyo for ufj group takeover
japan 's banking sector is thrown into turmoil again ! sumitomo mitsui financial group is apparently considering challenging mitsubishi tokyo financial group in a bid to win the ufj financial group takeover deal , so as to create the world 's largest bank .
" although i do n't know how the situation will develop , i plan to do it now , " sumitomo mitsui financial group chairman toshifumi nishikawa told reporters when asked by reporters for comments on a newspaper report that his group intended to take over japan 's fourth largest bank , ufj financial group .
nishikawa said earlier today that " we want to discuss an integration with ufj financial group " ; the ufj financial group collaborates with the sumitomo mitsui group 's trust banking unit , sumitomo trust and banking , which agreed in may to buy ufj 's trust bank .
in order to fight back the challenge , shigemitsu miki , president of bank of tokyo-mitsubishi , the core lending unit of mitsubishi tokyo financial group , said mitsubishi tokyo group 's determination to seek integration with ufj financial group had not changed .
miki said , " the determination to move towards a merger of the entire group has not wavered at all . "
ufj bank president takamune okihara also told reporters the ufj financial group " has not changed " its stance to seek merger with mitsubishi tokyo financial group , and he was not yet aware of a formal offer from sumitomo mitsui financial group .
in the meantime , talks between ufj financial group and mitsubishi financial group , japan 's second-largest but most profitable bank , have hit a snag as a tokyo local court this week issued an injunction barring ufj financial group from conducting any negotiations regarding sale of its trust banking unit .
japanese imperial household agency : crown princess masako suffers from adjustment disorder
japanese royal doctors today have finally given a name to the strange condition of crown princess masako , saying she suffers from " adjustment disorder " .
the diagnosis was announced by imperial household agency , more than two months after crown prince hiro no miya naruhito openly discussed the impact palace life has exerted on his 40-year-old beloved wife .
masako has not shown up in public since last december and is widely believed to have suffered psychasthenia .
" it 's difficult for her to fulfill duties on public occasions , " an official of the imperial household agency told reporters .
masako , daughter of a prominent diplomat , was an outstanding former diplomat herself .
the official said that she was receiving treatment but still had symptoms such as anxiety and " emotional depressions . "
the imperial household agency noted masako 's condition resulted from her unusual status as the crown princess , her experience of pregnancy and a 1999 miscarriage , as well as difficulty in separating duties on public occasions from private life .
the official said masako so far had shown signs of recovery , having started to play tennis occasionally , but her doctors warned palace courtiers , " generally speaking , it takes a long time for mental health to recover . "
masako was hospitalized last december due to shingles , which is an acute infection caused the by the same virus as chicken-pox .
she said in a statement in january that she felt " mental and physical weariness " out of long term accumulation .
naruhito , 43 , said in may masako had exhausted herself in trying to adapt to the palace life for the past decade .
it is reported that masako is also under great pressure to bear a son to succeed to the imperial throne .
wto director-general supachai : consensus yet to be reached on agriculture
world trade organization director-general supachai said the five core member economies had reached an agreement on the thorny topic of agriculture .
however , for it to be decisive , a consensus among all member economies is still needed .
the five core countries are the united states , the european union , australia , brazil and india .
the agreement was reached on the 28th after two days of discussions .
the five-country secret session hoped to bridge differences among member states at the world trade organization gathering .
but the advanced secret session among the five countries delayed the production of a proposal to salvage global trade talks and angered delegates from other member states , making them feel marginalized .
" i welcome the agreement on agriculture issue among five core member economies , " said supachai .
" this agreement is crucial to the talks and builds a milestone in the july package agenda , " supachai said in a statement .
he added , " but i must caution that any wto agricultural framework pact would require a consensus from all member states . "
delegates from the 147 member states are waiting for the final revised version of the july package covering agriculture and other key trade topics , which will form a framework to advance the current doha round of trade talks .
the doha round of trade talks unfortunately broke down when it was being held in cancun , mexico last september .
the revised version was originally scheduled to be ready on the 28th , but due to deliberation by the five key member economies in advance , the final version may not be released until midnight of the 29th .
american islamite reveals libyan plot to kill saudi crown prince
a us official said an american muslim activist involved in a libyan plot to assassinate saudi arabian crown prince abdullah confessed illegal financial dealings with libya and other crimes .
a us department of justice statement said abdurahman alamoudi pleaded guilty to three criminal charges , all relating to " his dealings in us and abroad with nations and organizations that have ties to terrorism and his participation in an activity to assassinate a us ally in the war against terror . "
the charges include : unapproved travel to and transactions with libya , making false statements on immigration forms , and tax evasions designed to conceal his transactions with libya from the us internal revenue service .
court documents showed that alamoudi made at least ten trips to libya and met with government officials there .
the department of justice statement added that during a meeting between alamoudi and local officials in libya march last year , the two parties discussed a scheme to create " headaches and disruptions " in saudi arabia , but alamoudi realized later that the true objective of the plot was the assassination of saudi crown prince abdullah .
the statement said , " alamoudi 's job in this plot was to recruit hands , so he recommended two saudi dissenters to libya while in london , and arranged to transfer tens of thousands of us dollars to fund the dissenters . "
alamoudi , a naturalized us citizen of eritrean origin , will face up to 23 years imprisonment , a fine of 750,000 us dollars , and deprivation of citizenship .
ufj holdings president : merger with sumitomo mitsui group impossible
the president of japan 's ufj holdings inc has firmly said it 's impossible to change its merger partner to sumitomo mitsui financial group , according to media reports .
ufj holdings inc announced a plan last month to merge with mitsubishi tokyo financial group inc .
according to nihon keizai shimbun , the president of ufj holdings ryosuke tamakoshi said they had no intention at all to negotiate with sumitomo mitsui financial group .
tamakoshi said in an interview with the nihon keizai shimbun , " there is no change .
our aim is to combine ufj holdings with mitsubishi group completely . "
he added that they may respond to the request out of courtesy , but they can not think of any other approaches than a merger with mitsubishi group .
mitsubishi group is japan 's second-largest but most profitable bank .
the merger plan between ufj holdings and mitsubishi group is being hindered , as a tokyo court issued an injunction preventing ufj holdings from conducting negotiations regarding the sale of its trust financial unit .
sumitomo trust and banking co filed an appeal on june 16 to safeguard its own earlier agreement with ufj holdings on the trust financial unit , and thus the tokyo court issued this rare order to suspend the merger negotiations .
in order to collaborate with its trust financial unit sumitomo trust and banking , sumitomo group made an abrupt offer last week to acquire ufj holdings , which experiences business trouble due to huge non-performing loans .
however , ryosuke tamakoshi said in the interview that he had made up his mind to combine ufj holdings completely with mitsubishi group , along with the trust financial unit .
bush canvasses votes in ohio , us-china trade again becomes a canvassing tool
as us president bush 's bus motorcade drove to ohio to promote his presidential reelection campaign , it was raining there , and voters ' moods were no different from the weather . a manufacturing-concentrated region , ohio has not yet enjoyed the benefits of us economic recovery . in his routine weekly radio address today , bush hailed that the us economy was in a process of recovery .
bush praised the us economic performance in the radio broadcast , telling the americans " since last summer , the us economy has grown at the same rate as in nearly 20 years . "
bush said consumer confidence index hit a two-year high in july , existing home sales rate set a new record in june , and home ownership rate hit a new high .
but in ohio and michigan that bush visited yesterday , job opportunities continue to decrease .
in june , job opportunities in ohio shrank for the eighth time in 10 months , and ohio has lost more than 200,000 jobs since march 2001 .
bush said at a campaign rally in ohio that his government was working to protect us trade interests overseas , strongly assailing china 's currency policies .
" we 've been working with china to put a fair policy in place . give us a chance to compete , is what we 've told china , " he said .
the united states last year began accusing china of keeping its currency undervalued , a policy that many politicians believe allowed china to enjoy a trade surplus of 124-billion us dollars with the united states in 2003 .
toyota motor 's net profit soared 29 percent in april-june with amazing overseas sales
japan 's largest carmaker toyota motor announced today its net profit in the first quarter ( april-june ) of fiscal year 2004 hit 286.6-billion yen ( 2.6-billion us dollars ) , a remarkable increase of 28.8 percent from the same period last year , mainly due to amazing sales in overseas markets .
of the above , pretax profit was up 26.7 percent to 470.4-billion yen and revenue up 10.2 percent to 4.5-trillion yen .
toyota motor 's executive vice president araki said in a statement , " we continued our effort to introduce new products to meet customer 's needs , strengthen production and sales mechanism , and drive profit growths in all aspects . "
toyota motor did not specifically mention the estimated profit for the fiscal year to march next year , but stressed it would seek to maintain the same profit level as last year .
in the last fiscal year , toyota motor became the first japanese auto maker to earn more than one-trillion yen in net profit , with net profit as high as 1.16-trillion yen , up 54.8 percent from the previous year .
toyota motor estimated yesterday that total auto sales for the whole year would be 7.2-million vehicles , up 180,000 from its previous forecast in may .
in the april-june period , toyota motor 's sales in north american market were 572,000 vehicles , an increase of 63,000 , with sienna being the best seller .
in the european market , locally-built car model - - the new corolla verso also enjoyed a sales increase of 13,000 vehicles to 24,700 .
sales in other regions including asia , africa , and latin america rose by 126,000 vehicles to 434,000 , of which in the asian region alone , sales rose by 80,000 vehicles or up 65.1 percent , thanks largely to the strong increase in the sales of vios model .
kerry 's campaign shadowed amid noisy topic on anti-terrorism and poor support in polls
four days after the us democratic national convention formally nominated kerry as the party 's presidential candidate , the massachusetts senator 's white house bid is shadowed by new terror threats and disappointing support rate in polls .
kerry , who was chasing votes across the us heartland states , today bragged about his anti-terrorism views and assailed president bush on his policies to safeguard the homeland security .
terrorism was the predominant topic today as police in washington , new york and new jersey stepped up patrols to defend key financial institutions .
homeland security department said these institutions had become targets of the al-qaeda group .
last week 's democratic national convention pinpointed kerry 's vietnam war experience , hoping to build up his image as a tough leader who can handle war .
but polls show bush ahead of kerry when it comes to who can better protect the country .
poll results following the democratic national convention have been disappointing to kerry , even though us presidential candidates usually enjoy a so-called " bounce " in polls following party nominations .
a poll jointly conducted by cnn , usa today newspaper and gallup company after the democratic national convention showed kerry only led by 50 to 47 percent over bush among registered voters , but bush led by the same margin over kerry among the smaller group of " likely " voters .
usa today newspaper said it was the first time since 1972 that a candidate 's support rate in polls failed to increase following the national convention .
bush promotes creating intelligence director and counter-terrorism center , drawing mixed reactions
us president bush on the 2nd urged the congress to create a national intelligence director post and a counter-terrorism center , which had drawn mixed reactions , with some saying this should be done earlier and others advising more time for careful thought before a decision is made .
after september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on the united states by osama bin laden 's al-qaeda group , a commission was designated by authorities to investigate if there were government failures . the investigation report released a few days earlier put forward a number of proposals .
under election-year pressure , bush on the 2nd announced his support for some of the proposals .
accompanied by top national security aides , bush delivered formal remarks in the white house rose garden , saying " our country is safer than it was on september 11 , 2001 , but we 're still not safe and worry-free . "
our nation is still in danger . "
bush called for creating a national intelligence director post that would take some key tasks from the central intelligence agency , and for creating a counter-terrorism center that would serve as a clearinghouse for information about known and suspected terrorists and coordinate " effective joint strike operations " against terrorists around the globe .
bush 's rival for the white house , democratic candidate senator kerry , earlier said he fully accepted the investigation commission 's proposals .
kerry welcomed bush 's announcement while campaigning in michigan but regretted bush had n't done that earlier .
two major us newspapers , however , urged caution .
" a rush reform driven by election considerations could result in an inappropriate system that could take years to fix , " said the washington post .
the new york times also said bush offered " obsolete tricks and bureaucratic half-measures . "
bush signs us-australia free trade pact
us president bush today signed an act to exercise the us-australia free trade pact , calling the controversial pact " a milestone in the history of alliance between the two countries . "
" the united states and australia have never been so close , " bush said at a ceremony in the white house rose garden .
he was referring to support from the australian government for the us-led war in iraq and efforts to rebuild afghanistan .
president bush paid tribute to australian prime minister howard three times during his nine-minute speech .
bush ever said that howard 's " superb leadership has ensured that the friendship between our two peoples remains strong over time . "
the free trade pact is the most essential part of howard 's trade policy .
some politicians in washington and in canberra view the free trade pact as payback for australia 's support of the us invasion in iraq .
but the pact , which the us congress approved in mid-july , faces a tough battle in the australian senate , where the opposition party has requested making amendments to the agreement , so as to safeguard medical subsidies and rules regarding local tv contents .
bush said annual bilateral trade between australia and the united states totals 28-billion dollars and that australia is the 10th-largest market for us exports .
bush said the free trade pact immediately eliminates 99 percent of the duties on us-manufactured goods exported to australia , which is " the largest immediate duties reduction " in any us pact of the same kind .
poppy seeds tea has opium effect , driving new zealand drug addicts crazy
drug addicts in new zealand have recently developed a frantic " formula " that boils legally and cheaply bought poppy seeds into " tea " for drink , which can produce opium-like stimulant effects within merely 15 minutes and the effects can last as long as 12-24 hours .
as soon as this " formula " was revealed , drug drinkers were driven crazy , shopping and even stealing sacks of them on the market . as a result , some new zealand supermarkets that originally sold the poppy seeds have decided to stop selling them .
drug addicts have told doctors the effects of " tea " boiled from 500 grams ( about 1.1 pounds ) of poppy seeds could produce the same stimulant effects as 25-30 milligrams of intravenous morphine .
robinson , a wellington expert in drug and alcohol treatment , said today in an interview that the method may make young people and those not using injected drugs more vulnerable to narcotic alkaloids addiction .
" poppy seeds are cheap and suitable for oral taking , " he said .
the new zealand health authority decided two years ago that the production of a medical stimulant using limited quantity of poppy seeds would not lead to a significant health problem .
but robinson said retailers of poppy seeds knew some facts beyond the health ministry 's knowledge .
in quite a few new zealand cities , some supermarket owners have complained they were fed up with frequent poppy seeds stealing , or customers buying large quantity of poppy seeds , and some operators have decided to stop selling them .
questions thrown on raising anti-terrorism alert , white house answered back
top us officials today defended raising security warning level to orange alert at major financial centers last weekend .
they said information has shown these institutions were already listed by terrorists as targets of attack before the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
" i think it 's wrong and irresponsible to say that it was based on old information , " said white house spokesman mcclellan .
president bush 's homeland security adviser townsend said that bin laden 's al-qaeda group carried out detailed surveillance on financial institution targets in 2000-01 , but may have updated the collected information in january this year .
townsend told cnn , " we know the way al-qaeda does business from incidents including the 9.11 attacks . they would do necessary homework in advance and then update information just before they launch an attack . "
some democrats , including former democratic presidential candidate runner dean , think the bush administration has issued this alert to gain maximum political benefits ahead of the november 2 election .
after the latest alert was issued , dean said , " what i am concerned about is that every time something unfavorable happens to bush , he plays this trump card of terrorism . "
we just ca n't figure out how much of this alert is reality or politics , and i think it encompasses both . "
but homeland security secretary ridge dismissed this .
" we wo n't do politics in the department of homeland security , " he told a joint news conference with new york city mayor bloomberg and new york governor pataki .
australian foreign minister to visit north korea this month on peace tour
australian foreign minister downer will travel to north korea on the 17-18th of this month on a rare peace tour , hoping to make progress on convincing the volatile north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons ambitions .
the australian newspaper quoted downer as saying that he would travel to north korea after a two-day stop in beijing for talks with senior chinese leaders and a meeting with us national security adviser rice to exchange ideas on his peace tour to pyongyang .
the united states and china are the main callers of the so-called six-party talks aimed at convincing pyongyang to give up the nuclear weapons program and dissolve tensions between south and north korea .
other leading characters in the six-party talks include japan , russia , south and north korea .
while australia was not part of the six-party talks , but downer said the australia had been communicating " closely and unambiguously " with pyongyang over the past two years as regional tensions escalated over the nuclear issue .
in addition , australia was one of the first western nations to recognize north korea in 2000 .
downer visited pyongyang for the first time shortly thereafter .
downer said australia as a major country in the asia-pacific region , its diplomatic ties with north korea , along with the contacts he had personally built with north korea over the past few years , have apparently promoted australia 's role to be part of the play .
downer added that results of the most recent six-party talks had been encouraging and north korea was advised to dismantle its nuclear program in return for aids of other forms , and that he would urge the north korean leadership to grasp the opportunity in his pyongyang talks .
just one day before australia announced downer 's pyongyang trip , jane 's defense weekly reported that north korea was developing two new types of ballistic missile systems that could directly hit the united states .
us fed almost certainly to raise interest rates by a quarter points on the 10th
despite facing stagnant growth of july job market , policy makers at the us federal reserve board appear determined to raise interest rates again this week .
continued job market weakness , however , will restrain the central bank 's ambition for " measured " rate hikes later this year , analysts said .
fed chairman greenspan and his colleagues were widely expected by the market to raise the federal funds rate of the commercial banks overnight rate , by a quarter points to 1.5 from 1.25 percent .
the decision by the us central bank , considered a pre-emptive action to counter looming inflation , will be announced at about 2:15 pm on the 10th .
according to statistics released last friday from the us labor department , us non-farm payroll in july grew a mere 32,000 people , shattering expectations of a july job market rebound after a weak one in june as previously forecasted by the market .
private economists had predicted a growth of about 240,000 jobs for july 's non-farm payroll .
the shock of stagnant job market growth has shadowed actions of interest rate hikes . the fed were originally expected to raise interest rates by a quarter points at each of the four central bank meetings remaining this year , but now the rate hikes may be curbed .
however , this week 's rates hike is almost for sure .
" as long as you think the economy is going to rebound , and i assume that 's what the fed believes , then they will raise interest rates in august ( this meeting ) , " wells fargo bank chief economist sung won sohn said .
" however , if the next employment report still shows weakness , the fed will leave interest rates untouched in september , " he added .
south africa 's african national congress embraces the new national party
south africa 's ruling african national congress today welcomed the decision of the new national party to join it .
it said this move would contribute to ending racism .
the new national party was once a key political party advocating apartheid policies .
the leader of the new national party , schalkwyk , said on the 7th of this month that he planned to join the african national congress in the coming weeks and called for other party members to join together .
" the african national congress views this move as a positive development in south african politics and believes it will contribute to building an inclusive and nonracial society , " said ngonyama , a spokesman for the african national congress .
the decision to join the african national congress came after the new national party 's bitter defeat in april elections , in which its support rate shrunk to 2 percent .
the new national party is the successor of the national party .
the national party ruled south africa for 46 years , dominating the adoption of apartheid policies by formulating a series of laws to deprive the black majority of all rights .
the national part renamed itself the new national party after the end of apartheid policies in 1994 but was unable to shed the apartheid burden .
schalkwyk 's decision was a significant turn for the new national party whose founders put the black leader and later the south african president , mandela , in prison and vigorously suppressed the african national congress .
the new national party will cease operation in september next year when new national party 's seven members in parliament will be encouraged to join the african national congress .
the african national congress currently holds 297 seats in the 400-seat parliament .
iraq 's shiite leader sadr vows to fight to the last drop of blood
iraq 's shiite muslim radical leader sadr vowed today to fight to his " last drop of blood " , as the city of najaf plunged into heated clashes for five days in succession and the threat of attack halted output operations at iraq 's southern oilfields , pushing world oil prices to new record highs .
" i will defend najaf until my last drop of blood , " sadr vowed at the imam ali mosque , as mortar and machine-gun fire rocked the center of holy city najaf .
" i am an enemy of america and america is my enemy until the day of the last judgment , " he said , which rejected calls by iraqi interim prime minister allawi for sadr 's militia to lay down their arms and leave najaf .
artillery and tank fire , backed by air forces , battered najaf where sadr 's mehdi army were hiding in the vast cemetery and around the ali mosque in the city center .
the mosque has been the base camp for his militia since sadr rose up against foreign troops in spring .
iraqi defense minister shaalan warned that government troops may join the offensive to " crush " the militia .
a senior us official said the nation 's marines had been given permission to force into mosques to conduct their combat operation .
in iraq 's main southern city of basra , two military vehicles were damaged in an attack apparently launched by the mehdi army , but the all their men were killed , a british military spokesman said .
outgoing prime minister goh chok tong highly honored at singaporean national day pageant
singapore yesterday celebrated its 39th independence day in the midst of political transition and economic recovery . outgoing prime minister goh chok tong was honored by the standing ovation of a cheering crowd when he appeared at a major celebration .
goh chok tong , 63 , who will step down as the prime minister this thursday ( the 12th ) , also got a congratulatory handshake from minister mentor lee kuan yew , when he attended a national day celebration at the national stadium .
lee kuan yew , 80 , handed over the prime minister job to goh chok tong 14 years ago , who now have transferred the job to lee kuan yew 's son , lee hsien loong , the 52-year-old singaporean deputy prime minister , minister for finance and central bank chief , reflecting a tradition of orderly political power transitions in singapore .
in a news conference after the celebration , goh chok tong , who will formally submit his resignation to president sr nathan today , said that he felt " a little emotional " because it was his last national day celebration as the prime minister .
goh chok tong said the most satisfying moment of his 14 years as prime minister was " now " when " you know that you can hand over the governance of a country to a group of young people , and they are in a good position to take singapore to greater heights . "
on the other hand , the prime minister-to-be , lee hsien loong , will then be asked to form a cabinet to institute the new government .
both goh chok tong and lee kuan yew have been invited to remain in the cabinet , but their new roles are yet to be announced by lee hsien loong , who will be sworn in on thursday .
930810
?
united states declares september national preparedness month
the administration of president bush yesterday decided to make september national preparedness month , hoping to raise us residents ' vigilance against terrorist attacks that may happen anytime , with the help of public and private agencies and groups around the country .
" homeland security is a shared responsibility and i am pleased that so many organizations and national leaders are working together to help get this information to communities across the nation , " homeland security secretary ridge said in a statement .
the statement said that central and local governments , the red cross , volunteer groups , labor unions and emergency response teams had responded to this program .
" national preparedness month will provide americans with various opportunities to learn more about ways to respond to an emergency , get an emergency supply kit , establish a family communications plan and become more vigilant of threats that may impact communities , " homeland security secretary ridge said in a statement .
" in addition , the program will also offer americans the opportunities to provide volunteer services or get trainings on first aid such as ( cardio-pulmonary resuscitation ) . "
" during the september preparedness month , central and local governments , individual communities , private businesses and nonprofit organizations will host or promote preparedness month events around the country to encourage all americans to prepare for emergencies in their homes , companies , factories and schools . "
the us government created a national security alert system in the wake of the " 9.11 " , 2001 attacks on new york and washington .
ridge has ordered financial institutions in new york and washington areas to raise the security alert signal from yellow to orange early this month to prevent terrorists to launch yet more attacks .
us wants to build friendly militia groups to help combat terrorism
the us pentagon has urged congress to authorize 500-million us dollars for building a network of friendly militias around the world to purge terrorists from " lawless and disorderly areas " and to warn muslim leaders against providing " ideological sanctuary " to radicals .
us deputy defense secretary wolfowitz , a key mastermind of the iraq war , told the house armed services committee yesterday the money would be used " for training and equipping regional security forces - - not just armies - - to counter terrorism and insurgencies . "
he said that if the plan was approved as part of a larger defense bill , the package would " provide greater internal security in several areas that are or could become haven for terrorists . "
although no specific benefits of the plan were mentioned , us officials have repeatedly expressed concern about areas where radical muslim fighters exist , including the afghan and pakistani border , iraq , caucasus , north africa and a number of islands in the philippines .
according to us military experts , the strategy has already been tried in afghanistan , where us special forces managed to forge alliances with local warlords , utilizing them as tools for overturning the taliban regime in 2001 and keeping taliban remnants cornered .
" indeed , our most important allies in the war against terrorism will be muslims who seek freedom and oppose extremism , " wolfowitz said .
the proposal to build friendly militia groups are actually pushed by top officials of the defense and other departments designed to develop new forms of " asymmetrical " warfare that would be more effective against small terrorist cells and would alleviate burden of united states to deploy large armies around the world .
a believer of mysterious jewish sect , madonna to go on a pilgrimage to israel
pop queen madonna 's upcoming spiritual tour to israel to study a mysterious jewish philosophy has raised questions over her true faith . does the self-proclaimed material girl really have faith in the traditional ancient jewish mysticism or is this simply the latest fashion of self-help for celebrities .
in a bid to shed something of her past raunchy image , madonna began in 1997 to study the mysterious jewish philosophy of kabbalah , or at least a modern version of kabbalah , and soon became one of the most renowned representatives of the mysticism .
her deep " faith " can be learned from just one glimpse , as judaic symbols and hebrew letters appear in many of her more recent pop videos and she is rarely seen without the unique thing red string around her wrist to protect her from the evil eyes of those with extra-sensory perception .
two months ago , she changed her name to esther and is now reportedly observing the jewish sabbath .
madonna 's conversion came about after she came into contact with a los angeles-based jewish mysticism center . according to the center 's website , they can offer people a path of spiritual enlightenment combining orthodox judaic tradition , concepts and positive thinking .
tough the mysticism has obvious jewish character , once westernized , it has attracted a number of non-jewish celebrities , such as britney sweetie , demi moore , elizabeth taylor and mick jagger , lead singer for the rolling stones .
now under this spiritual adventure , madonna seems set to go on a pilgrimage to israel together with thousands of others in mid-september during the jewish new year .
kabbalah is a mysterious sect of judaism originated in 12-13th centuries , when its central works , the zohar , was written .
bush threatens to file the airbus subsidy case to wto
us president bush warned today that the united states may appeal to the world trade organization next month , requesting actions to resolve the " unfair " trade competition of the long-term european governments subsidies received by the european aircraft maker , airbus industrie .
bush , on a crisscrossing campaign tour , made the above comment after a closed-door meeting with representatives from airbus ' competitor , us-based boeing company .
he said , " i 've instructed us trade representative zoellick to inform european officials in september talks that the united states thinks these subsidies are unfair . "
bush said , " i 've told zoellick that he should leave no stones unturned to eliminate these subsidies , including an appeal to the world trade organization if needed . "
according to bush , it has been 30 years or so since airbus was founded , and in those 30 years , airbus has received large government subsidies from european nations and continues to receive them to date , said bush .
" it 's unfair to the us-based boeing company that european governments continue to subsidize airbus , and i believe if the us is treated fairly , we can compete with anybody , anytime , anywhere , " said bush .
" we believe in free trade and want that free trade to be fair , " he said .
under a 1992 pact between the united states and the european union , european credit line in support of new aircraft production programs was limited to 33 percent of the total cost , while indirect us support through nasa or military programs was limited to merely three percent of turnover for the us large commercial aircraft industry .
setting aside terrorism , the world gathers for olympics celebrations
the successful opening of the 28th olympics in athens offered the world a joyous display of history , love and hope , making the whole world set terrorism briefly aside to celebrate the greatness of humanity .
for the past three years , the world has been clouded in continuous conflict and war .
now , billions of people around the globe sit in front of the television , witnessing western civilization return to its birthplace .
in the highly dramatized performances on the opening ceremony , greek historical figures such as the god of love , the half-man and half-horse magic creature centaur , and even the greek philosopher democritus , all showed up in front of the world people .
the 72,000-seat olympic stadium , with the inspiring ideas of the games ' organizer , was transformed into a sea , consuming 2.16-million liters of clear water .
a boy sailed on the sea in a paper boat , symbolizing greece as a small country with unlimited ideas .
for the next hour , the whole stadium of audience witnessed essence of greek culture and history .
characters in greek historical sculptures and paintings all vividly transformed into statuesque figures to join a magic parade .
108 years after the first modern olympic games were held , greek president stephanopoulos announced formal opening of the athens olympics , standing under an olive tree that symbolizes peace .
in the opening ceremony , there were also songs presented by icelandic singer bjork and screen shots taped in advance by astronauts .
it took more than two hours for delegations from 202 nations and territories to enter separately into the venue .
despite global oil price turmoil , strategic oil stocks not to be used for oil price adjustment
with current oil price turmoil , the market has directed all its attention to oil inventories , always a factor impacting oil prices , but the so-called strategic oil stocks are there in case of massive disruption to supply far beyond the effects of the recent price surge .
industrial users and consumers should not expect strategic oil stocks to be used for adjusting oil prices , since world governments reserve their own strategic stocks to respond to near-chaos in the oil supply environment .
in any case , industrial oil stocks for commercial purpose have risen in the last six months from levels considered worrying by the international energy agency to a mid-range level of about 52 days of oil consumption .
the paris-based international energy agency was established in the 1973-1974 global oil crisis , with the purpose of coordinating oil inventories among its member countries in the event of massive supply disorder . it has coordinated release of oil stocks only once since its creation , at the time of the persian gulf war between august 1990 and january 1991 .
strategic oil stocks , different from commercial stocks , are held by governments or industrial organizations in cooperation with governments .
commercial oil stocks play a vital role in the supply chain by balancing demand and supply , allowing greater amounts of crude oil and products to enter the market when needed .
in regards to the commercial market , companies build up inventories for use at times of increased demand , especially for seasonal factors , such as oil use for heating in winter or for driving needs of the summer vacation season in north america .
nihon keizai shimbun : japan and us are planning a new bilateral security framework
currently , japan and the united states are drawing up a new security framework on bilateral military cooperation against terrorism and other threats , according to the report from nihon keizai shimbun today .
the japanese and us governments are negotiating to draw up a joint security declaration by early next year , this business daily said .
in the report , at the moment when the united states is adjusting its stationed troops within this region , this declaration is expected to redefine bilateral military cooperation in japan .
washington is considering relocating the headquarters of its army 's 1st corps to camp zama in kanagawa , west of tokyo , and integrating the 13th air force command in guam into the yokota air force base in tokyo , nihon keizai shimbun said , quoting sources close to this matter .
japan and the united states are also considering setting up a joint organization to discuss the issue regarding the us military base relocation in japan , the report said .
following the september 11 attack event , the us security policy shifted its emphasis from conventional warfare to anti terrorism war and dealing with the threats posed by weapons of mass destruction .
meanwhile , japan plans to provide for the development of a missile defense system and review the organization and equipment of its self-defense forces in a new outline of its defense policy that is scheduled to introduce this year .
the new japan and us declaration will be authorized based on these changes , nihon keizai shimbun said .
in 1996 japan and the united states redefined japan-us security alliance and drafted a bilateral declaration on security matters following the end of the cold war .
according to the 1996 declaration , washington devised a policy to maintain 100,000 troops in east asia to address any possible crises involving the korean peninsula and taiwan .
however , the document needs to be modified now because the us government is adjusting its military deployment , nihon keizai shimbun said .
despite ailment , pope missionizes in france stressing respect for life
pope john paul ii today delivered a strong theme of caring for life during an open-air mass at the virgin mary church in lourdes , france .
the mass marked the climax of the pope 's two-day missionary tour in france , but again revealed the pope 's helplessness with his failing health .
the 84-year-old pope cut a few paragraphs from a prepared homily and struggled through a major part of the lengthy homily in the midday temperature as high as 30 degrees celsius .
when giving the homily , he gestured to an aid , monsignor mokrzycki , for water and whispered in polish , " help me . i must continue . "
the multi-ethnic audience on the scene immediately erupted into applause , many moved to tears at the pope 's refusal to yield to pains from parkinson 's disease .
the pope 's struggle against ailment has become obvious during his 104th foreign missionary tour since taking the post .
the pope made a special appeal to women on the holiday commemorating the virgin mary , strongly against abortion and euthanasia .
" to you women , falls the task of being sentinels of the god , " he told the more than 100,000 followers who were hearing mass on the scene .
followers attending the feast of the assumption mass cried in return " long live the pope " to show their support .
catholics believe the virgin mary was taken up into heaven at the end of her earthly life .
" i earnestly appeal to all of you , dear brothers and sisters , to do everything you can to ensure that all lives are respected from conception to its natural end . "
" life is a sacred gift , and no one can presume to be its master , " he cautioned .
central american country el salvador delays plan to send more troops to iraq
as islamic extremists threatened to attack the central american country of el salvador that had troops stationed in iraq , el salvador 's military said the original plan to send 380 new troops today to iraq would be delayed for the reason that it was still waiting for transport planes from the us-led coalition .
el salvador is the only latin american country to join the multinational forces in iraq , sending its troops in september last year to guard the holy shiite city of najaf , south of baghdad .
" we are waiting for the coalition to send transport planes and hoping we will be able to travel this week , " colonel figueroa , director of the el salvador military 's communications center , said yesterday .
figueroa denied that the delay was due to the threat from an islamic extremist group .
the " atta-al-qaeda jihad brigades " extremist group , named after a hijacker in the " 9.11 " , 2001 attacks on the united states , threatened to attack el salvador within 20 days if it did n't withdraw troops from iraq .
" this is the final deadline before we wage war on el salvador , " the group said in an islamist internet website .
however , el salvadoran president saca has said salvador would not give in to threats .
in the meantime , some 1,500 people including leftist party members staged a demonstration , protesting sending more troops to iraq .
demonstrators held signs : " we want peace and stability " and " no to sending salvadoran troops to iraq . "
us indices in july suggest stagflation menace almost disappears
the nightmare menace of stagflation in the united states has almost disappeared in july as official figures showed that us consumer prices marked down instead of going up , industry production gained remarkably and home building was booming .
" the price surge and the unexpectedly weak economic data for june had caused a number of forecasters to contemplate if the us was returning to stagflation , " said vitner , a senior economist wachovia bank .
" now the consumer price index data pour cold water on that conjecture , " he said .
the so-called stagflation refers to the combination of stagnant economic activities and inflation . many economists believed this was impossible to exist until the first oil crisis in the 1970s proved them wrong .
however , the threat of a return to stagflation now seems remote as the july indices are out .
of the indices , those worthy of note are :
? us consumer price index dipped 0.1 percent in july and average gasoline prices at fuel stations were down 4.7 percent . stripping out energy and food costs that are volatile to seasonal factors , prices marked up only 0.1 percent .
? factories , mines and public utilities increased combined production by 0.4 percent in july after seasonal adjustment , nearly making up the 0.5 percent slump in june .
manufacturing production was up 0.6 percent , mining up 1.2 percent , while utilities output slipped by 2.0 percent as cool weather limited demand for air conditioning .
? home building in the united states unexpectedly soared 8.3 percent in july , and the home building market was recovering from a drop in the previous month as weather improved .
us reservist accuse defense secretary of illegally extending troops ' service terms
a us army reservist has taken legal action against top military officials including defense secretary rumsfeld , accusing them of using a form of retention plan to enable the defense department to keep troops with expired contracts in iraq on combat tasks .
according to legal experts , some 40,000 us army soldiers have been forced to remain in barracks or battlefields under the so-called " stop-loss " emergency plan since the iraqi war broke out in march last year .
the solider , simply called john by his lawyer out of protection , filed the suit with the ninth us district court .
court documents show that john is a decorated veteran who has served nine years in the army and the us marine corps , including deployments in somalia and several war zones in the middle east .
last year , the father of two little daughters aged three and six was ordered to iraq on combat tasks , which expired in december .
upon returning home in san francisco , the veteran joined the california army national guard on a one-year contract that ends on december 21 this year .
however , his commander said in july this year that , because of the " stop-loss " policy , his one-year service would extend for another two years , and the national guard unit in which he was serving had been redeployed to iraq .
his lawyer said the veteran received instructions and would soon go to texas for a six-month training , followed by deployment to iraq immediately after the completion of the training program .
the lawyers believe the emergency policy adopted after " 9.11 " attacks has become " invalid " because the iraq 's former hussein regime has collapsed and " iraq no longer poses a threat of terrorist attack upon the united states . "
israeli prime minister sharon faces tough test of the ruling party vote
israeli prime minister sharon , with a tough test imminent , is facing a vote of his own likud party on his intention to invite the opposition labor party to join the cabinet , after he approved the construction of 1,000 new houses in jewish settlements in the west bank yesterday .
opponents within the likud party said they would vote against the labor party joining the cabinet .
meanwhile , violence continued in the gaza strip of palestine .
palestinian medical staff said israeli helicopter gunship fired at least one missile in eastern gaza city earlier today , leaving five dead and five wounded .
according to initial reports from palestinian security sources , all those killed were members of the radical hamas group .
the target of the attack was generally believed to be a hamas leader called shabari , but shabari luckily escaped the attack .
sharon gave the nod to building 1,000 new houses in the west bank , apparently with an intention to please the rightists opposing his gaza pullout plan .
the authority has issued project tenders for new houses construction in four largest west bank settlements .
the united states declined to criticize sharon 's approval of building 1,000 new houses , saying it was studying whether the plans breached israel 's earlier promise to freeze such construction .
sharon planned to withdraw all 8,000 jewish settlers in the gaza strip jewish settlements by september next year , but he lost the edge of parliamentary majority several months ago because the plan met objection from the traditional right-wing allies . he must seek to bring the labor party into the government to support his gaza pull out plan .
asia-pacific airlines begin raising fuel surcharge as oil prices soar
asia-pacific airlines have begun raising fuel surcharge on air tickets with crude oil prices soaring towards 50 us dollars a barrel .
just as the aviation industry enjoy a performance rebound after getting rid of last year 's sars crisis , its profits is now threatened by oil prices .
singapore airlines and its regional subsidiary silkair said thursday that starting from september , they would increase their current fuel surcharge of five us dollars to 12 dollars .
passengers flying to southeast asian cities onboard the two companies ' passenger planes will have to pay a surcharge of seven us dollars , while the surcharge on all other flights outside of the region will increase to 12 dollars .
qantas airways followed suit on friday on the ground of higher oil prices , which have been hitting new record highs almost everyday .
dixon , chief executive of qantas , said the company would next week raise fuel surcharge on domestic flights from the current 4.34 us dollars to 7.25 us dollars per leg , and to 15.95 us dollars on international flights .
the philippine civil aeronautics board , which regulates air fares , said starting from june , it had granted permission to philippine airlines and cebu pacific to levy fuel surcharges .
other asian airlines said they had no further plans to raise fuel surcharges after an increase earlier this year .
but analysts said this could change as oil prices broke the 48 us dollars a barrel barrier thursday and soared towards 50 dollars .
collision between ufo and comet suspected to be the cause of great 1908 siberian explosion
a russian scientist today proposed a new idea on the huge 1908 explosion in siberia , claiming that he has found debris of an extraterrestrial space vehicle , or an unidentified flying object ( ufo ) , which collided with a comet over the earth .
on june 30 , 1908 a gigantic flash flew across the sky over siberia , followed by an explosion with the force of a-thousand atom bombs .
the explosion destroyed a-hundred square-mile of forest in the valley of river tunguska in the krasnoyarsk region .
people living in siberian villages thought there had been an earthquake .
humans and animals were thrown to the ground by the shock wave and windows were blown up .
no meteorite debris was found at the scene of the event , and scientists concluded that the core of a comet or an asteroid had exploded .
researcher lavbin spent 12 years researching the mystery of the " tunguska meteorite " and believes he has found the key to one of the major scientific mysteries of the last century , though scientists still cast doubts on it .
lavbin is the chairman of the " tunguska spatial phenomenon " foundation , which is based in krasnoyarsk and made up of 15 people passionate for researching this phenomenon , including theologists , chemists , physicists and mineralogists . they have been organizing regular expeditions to the area since 1994 .
lavbin 's theory believes that a comet and a mysterious flying vehicle collided in the sky 10,000 meters above the earth 's surface , thus causing the great explosion .
nepalese guerrillas attack district headquarters as businessmen protesting blockade in capital
more than 1,000 maoist guerrillas attacked a district headquarters in nepal 's northwestern mountain region , as angry businessmen took to the streets in the capital kathmandu to protest the guerrillas ' blockade of the capital , which left it paralyzed .
kathmandu is currently also hit by a general strike .
the guerrillas attacked khalanga , the headquarters of the jumla district , yesterday night and clashed with security forces for six hours , said baral , deputy inspector general of police in the city of nepalgunj , western nepal .
he said the exact death toll from the clash in jumla was still not available .
jumla district is one of the most remote districts of the himalayan kingdom and is located about 445 kilometers northwest of katmandu .
but baral said one soldier was killed and six policemen were missing .
" the guerrillas also broke into a jail to rescue five prisoners and also kidnapped six policemen , " baral said .
he said the rebels bombed the airport and several government buildings , leaving a police station , a development office and a land taxation office seriously damaged .
baral said the military had sent a night vision helicopter to khalanga to monitor the situation .
the maoist guerrillas are strongest in nepal 's rural areas , but they lack weapons suitable for night fighting .
home minister khadka told afp that the rebels had also taken hostage an unknown number of junior officials from the local taxation office and the post office .
he said , " of the prisoners who were freed by the rebels , three have returned to the jail . "
quoting local villagers , he said five rebels were killed and 20 wounded in the fighting , but they have been taken away by their colleagues .
indonesian man sentenced to ten years in jail for involvement in marriott hotel bombing
hendrawan , an indonesian man suspected to be a member of the jemaah islamiyah terrorist group , was sentenced today by a court to 10 years imprisonment for involvement in the deadly bombing of the jakarta marriott hotel , but he was cleared of the alleged involvement in the bali bombings .
judges said hendrawan was guilty of taking part in the " evil plot " of attacking the marriott hotel in august 2003 that killed 12 people , but could not be convicted over the bali bombings due to legal technicalities .
judge asnahwati at the south jakarta district court said in the verdict , that the 31-year-old hendrawan was guilty of " assisting a crime of terrorism " for possessing explosives and attempting to use them for attacking the marriott hotel .
however , she said that because the constitutional court in july made a ruling against the retroactive use of an anti-terrorism law passed after the 2002 bali bomings , it meant he could not be punished for his suspected crime of playing a key role in the bali bombings .
the bali bombings claimed the lives of 202 people , mostly foreign tourists .
prosecutors said hendrawan helped detonate one of the three bombs used in the attack , and the bomb he allegedly detonated exploded near the us consulate on the bali island , causing no casualties .
judge asnahwati also said hendrawan did n't " directly or indectly " plot or carry out marriott hotel attack , but he ever transported 130 kilograms of explosives that were later used in the blast .
original zulu composer of lion king hit song requests royalties from disney
us entertainment giant walt disney company today lodged a formal objection to a south african court , in response to chares filed to the court by a south african zulu family , requesting disney to pay royalties for the hit song " the lion sleeps tonight . "
the one who composed the tune for this song with an original zulu melody was the late solomon linda , whose family is claiming 10-million south african rand ( about 1.5-million us dollars ) from disney as compensation for damages .
although many publications have used the song , disney is identified as the " most active user " among them , including the song 's appearance in the 1994 box office hit " the lion king " movie and its spin-off , the lion king musicals .
disney today also lodged an urgent appeal to the pretoria high court requesting the cancellation of a court order that allows disney flagship products to be sold in south africa to collect the damage funds .
in the order issued by a south african court on june 29 , 240 disney flagship products , including mickey mouse and donald duck , were in the list .
at present , the court order does not have any effect on the sale of disney products in south africa , but it does grant south african courts jurisdiction over the case .
disney 's appointed lawyer price argued in court today that the executor of linda 's estate , who is suing on behalf of the linda family , had chosen a wrong target and that they should sue a disney subsidiary - - " disney pictures and television " , which produced the " the lion king " movie .
diplomatic row widens , panama asks cuban ambassador to leave
panama 's foreign minister said today president moscoso was considering a pardon for the four cubans who were convicted by a panama court for a plot to assassinate cuban president castro .
she also ordered cuban ambassador to leave panama .
cuban government has threatened to sever diplomatic ties with panama over rumors that moscoso was considering a pardon for the four assassins who carried out the abortive assassination plot .
" moscoso is considering the pardon measures following cuba 's accusation , " said foreign minister arias .
he also announced moscoso had asked cuban ambassador zamora to leave panama .
arias said that moscoso was considering a pardon for the four anti-castro cubans now detained in a panama prison .
this confirmed the earlier rumor was really what had happened .
the rumor aroused a diplomatic row between cuba and panama last weekend .
" we have asked cuba to withdraw its ambassador in panama , and we will also withdraw panama 's ambassador in havana , " arias said .
but he said , " we have n't broken diplomatic ties . "
arias went on to say that panama would maintain its trade links with cuba .
annual trade volume between the two countries amounts to 300-million us dollars .
the cuban government did n't make any response on the diplomatic row throughout yesterday .
cuba earlier issued a threat , saying cuba would sever diplomatic ties with panama if moscoso pardoned anti-castro dissident leader posada and his three accomplices .
posada and others were suspected of assassinating castro in april 2000 when castro was attending the " latin american summit " in panama , but unfortunately they failed . the four cubans were arrested in november the same year .
this march , the four anti-castro dissidents were sentenced to seven or eight years in jail by a panama court .
us troops besiege najaf mosque
us armored vehicles today besieged imam ali mosque in najaf , iraq , in a pincer offensive , breaking through shiite muslim militia 's line of defense as snipers fired on all those entering or leaving the mosque .
a us military plane fired a missile just meters to the west of the mosque , making the building tremble and dusts fly in the mosque , said an afp correspondent inside the mosque with up to 600 people .
the closest us military vehicle has arrived at a spot 20 meters from the western gate of the mosque , after us troops closed in on najaf from the surrounding desert .
for the past four month , the mosque has served as the military headquarters of mehdi army led by sadr , a radical islamic cleric .
makeshift barricades blocking the entrance to the mosque were set on fire as tanks moved along the western side of the mosque wall towards the old city around it .
us troops east of the mosque broke through militia defenses laid in the midan square marketplace , while fierce artillery fire thundered throughout the area from the southern side .
on the northern side closest to the vast cemetery , the situation was not yet clear , but the southern and northern exits of the mosque were in the sights of the us snipers to prevent anyone from entering or leaving .
ali mosque , one of the holiest shiite muslim pilgrimage sites in the world , was nearly secluded from other areas of the city , said the above correspondent inside the mosque .
hundreds of heavily-armed iraqi national guardsmen , who were deployed in the old city for the first time tuesday , are still patrolling the streets and alleys about 300 meters away from the mosque .
an aide to iraq 's shiite muslim leader sistani said that sistani was returning from london after receiving treatment for heart disease and had called on iraqis to march to najaf to save the city .
report : united states is largest global source of spam
a report from sophos , an information security firm , showed the united states as the largest global source of spam , producing more than two of every five unsolicited advertisement messages .
the sophos report said 42.53 percent of spam originated in the united states , and the second largest source was south korea , accounting for 15.42 percent , followed by china and hong kong , with a combined 11.62 percent .
some see spam as a threat to the internet . the report suggested that although a us law known as can-spam took effect in january , it was still unable to fend off large amounts of unsolicited messages .
kraft , a senior security analyst at sophos , said campared with a similar survey in february for the united states , the overall results had little change .
he said , " six months and millions of spam emails later , it is evident that the can-spam act has made very little progress in blocking the spam . if nine months is not enough to make a significant difference , how long is ? "
sophos said the " dirty dozen " spam sources also included brazil , accounting for 6.17 percent gobally , canada ( 2.19 percent ) ; japan ( 2.87 percent ) ; germany ( 1.28 percent ) ; france ( 1.24 percent ) ; spain ( 1.16 percent ) , britain ( 1.15 percent ) ; mexico ( 0.98 percent ) ; and taiwan ( 0.91 percent ) .
sophos stressed south korea , a country where broadband is most popularized , consolidated its position as a leading producer country of spam , now turning out nearly three times as many as spam emails than it did in february .
kennedy nephew will again face charges over sexual assault
according to court reports , william kennedy smith , a kennedy family member , has been recently accused of sexual assault again after he was acquitted of rape charges in the early 1990s .
in a civil lawsuit in chicago on wednesday , a 43-year-old doctor was accused of raping a former personal assistant five years ago . the doctor is a member of the kennedy family that is so prestigious in the us politics .
the charges claimed that in 1999 , smith raped soulias in his luxury lakeview residence in chicago .
the plaintiff said in the accusation that smith showed up at a party celebrating soulias 's 23rd birthday without invitation , wooing her with liquor before he forced soulias to his home and raped her .
the case was lodged with the circuit court of cook county , with an expected damage compensation of over 50,000 dollars .
in a statement delivered for smith by a spokesman , it said smith saw the allegations as " outrageous , untrue and without merit . "
" unfortunately , my family and my own past records have made me an easy victim in this kind of allegations , " he said .
kennedy smith , 43 , was previously accused of raping in florida in 1991 , which allegedly happened at the kennedy family residence in west palm beach . both kennedy junior and massachusetts senator ted kennedy showed their support for him over the matter .
the final result of the case was smith 's acquittal .
experts say regulating hate speech on the internet remains extremely hard
as the lawsuit between us internet giant yahoo and a french group trying to stop the online sales of nazi souvenirs entered a new phase this week , experts from various nations who gathered in amsterdam for the conference on internet media freedom stressed that it was extremely difficult to regulate hate speech on the internet .
experts attending the conference on internet media freedom organized by the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) agreed today that it was almost impossible to control or punish hate web sites .
" the internet is global and it 's not at all possible to develop a global norm , " said lipson , a former advisor to the united nations and president of the article 19 organization , which is dedicated to safeguarding the freedom of speech .
the norms are not consistent even within europe , and presently only france , germany , belgium , austria and switzerland have laws that criminalize the acts against humanity , said akdeniz , a professor at leeds university in britain .
compared with europe , racist thoughts can be more freely expressed in the united states because the us constitution explicitly guarantee the freedom of speech , and the us authorities can only intervene when someone is intentionally inciting hatred and there is a risk that leads to immediate violence .
pro-nazi or racist web sites can just change the country of registration to bypass some laws and norms , but web surfers around the world can still browse such sites , even including people in countries which have formulated more strict laws on hate speech .
the council of the european union has been trying to set norms for punishable hate speech on the internet , but many experts say the vague definitions offer no help in effectively regulating hate sites .
it is an obvious consensus among many experts attending the amsterdam conference that the earnest wish to regulate and punish hate sites must not lead to excessively harsh rules that would strangle freedom of speech .
demonstrators rally in new york city ahead of us republican convention
us republicans gathered in new york for their national convention where they will nominate president bush to continue to represent the republican party in the reelection bid , as anti-bush demonstrators planned a massive , noisy demonstration in the streets of new york .
the hustling streets in new york has been transformed into a virtual fortress , while tens of thousands of demonstrators planned to march through manhattan with loud slogans , stealing the spotlight of the media before the four-day republican national convention unfolds on the 30th .
the republican convention opens at a time when bush is enjoying a new but slight lead in polls over the democratic rival kerry , but bush has to face bad news on the economy and the iraqi crisis , and he has also admitted there was miscalculation on how the situation will develop after the iraqi war .
after weeks of legal suits to gain access to the central park , protest organizers predicted a high turnout for the march on the 29th , mainly due to people 's dissatisfaction with the iraqi war , as well as anti-terrorism , also a primary axis of bush 's campaign .
abortion rights advocates walked across the brooklyn bridge on the 28th , as part of the demonstrations and anti-bush events throughout the week . on september 2 , bush will formally accept the nomination from the party delegates to run for reelection .
organizers said 15,000 people took part in the event on the 28th , and 100,000 people were expected to join the demonstration on the 29th .
growing us-european competition over world arms markets
the recent expansion of nato is likely to result in intensified competition between us and european arms manufacturers , because shrinking markets in developing countries force them to turn their eyes to eastern europe , said a report by a us governmental agency .
in its annual report released today , the congressional research service ( crs ) said global arms sales had decreased significantly since millennium , primarily due to global economic slowdown and austerity policies adopted by major arms buyers .
international arms contract values have fallen from 41-billion us dollars in 2000 to 25.6-billion us dollars last year , affecting all the major suppliers , including the united states , russia and western europe .
the us continued to hold the leading position in arms sales worldwide , with arms sales amounting to 14.5 us billion for contracts signed last year , but the us arms sales to developing countries dropped from 8.9 billion us dollars in 2002 to 6.2 us dollars billion last year .
russia was still the second largest global arms seller , but its arms exports slumped from six-billion us dollars two years ago to 4.3-billion us dollars last year .
germany was the third largest global arms exporter , with arms exports reaching 1.4-billion us dollars , but germany practically got no new arms orders from developing countries last year .
according to the report , the percentage in global arms export market held by the top four european arms suppliers - - french , britain , germany and italy - - dwindled to 5.8 percent last year from 6.5 percent a year before .
all in all , for the arms market in asia , the middle east , africa and latin america , the united states has 45.4 percent share and russia has 23.4 percent .
bulgarian president requests not to shut down nuclear power station before its time
xinhua news agency , sofia , july 1 ( reporter guo chunxiao ) according to a report on the 1st from bulgaria 's " standards news , " g . parvanov , president of the republic of bulgaria , sent a letter recently to all the members of the european parliament , asking them to support bulgaria 's position on not shutting down the kozloduy nuclear power station before its time .
the report said that parvanov pointed out in his letter that in recent years , the kozloduy nuclear power station has undergone many technological improvements and upgrades , and its safety standards are being continuously improved .
the result of a recent inspection of the power station by the international atomic energy agency has also confirmed that the kozloduy nuclear power station " has fully complied with the safety standards of the european nuclear power stations . "
kozloduy nuclear power station , located on the danube in the north of bulgaria , consists of 6 units with a total capacity of 3.76-million kilowatts .
in 2001 , the station , apart from satisfying 50% of the domestic power demand , exported 7-billion kilowatt-hours of electricity to the neighboring balkan countries .
however , as the power station was designed and constructed with the help of the former soviet union , its reactors belong to the same type as those at the chernobyl nuclear power station . in recent years , the european union has frequently demanded that bulgaria shut down this nuclear power station before its time . some of western european countries even take this as the prerequisite for bulgaria 's accession to the eu .
wu yi meets with president of the bureau of international expositions
xinhua news agency , paris , july 1 ( reporter wang jingcheng ) on the morning of the 1st , chinese state councilor wu yi met here with noghes , president of the bureau of international expositions ( bie ) and secretary general loscertales .
wu yi said , i am entrusted by the chinese government to make this special trip to france to attend bie 's 131st general assembly .
china has a long history of relations with the world expo and has participated in its activities ever since the early days of the world expo .
with the development of china 's economy , the cooperation between china and bie has become even closer .
if the world expo 2010 can be held in shanghai , it will not only promote china 's opening-up and reforms so as to further expand the exchange between shanghai as well as the rest of china and other countries in the world , but it will also add to the promotion of the world expo .
wu yi emphasized that it was after a thorough consideration that the chinese government decided to support shanghai 's bid to host the world expo 2010 .
china 's political and social stability , continuous economic growth , solid financial strength , consistency in policies , strong popular support for hosting the world expo and shanghai 's experience in hosting large-scale international events are all convincing guarantees for the success of the world expo .
the chinese government has the confidence and the ability to turn the 2010 shanghai world expo into a most influential grand event with record attendance in the history of the world expo .
wu yi concluded by saying that for more than 100 years , the bie 's membership has kept growing and the business of the international exposition has been thriving , exerting an ever increasing international influence .
china appreciates the efforts by president noghes and secretary general loscertales in promoting the international exposition and wishes the 131st assembly a success .
china 's foreign minister tang jiaxuan , mayor of shanghai chen liangyu , chairman of chinese trade promotion committee yu xiaosong , chinese ambassador to france wu jianmin , vice minister of foreign economics and trade zhou keren also attended the meeting .
small and medium-sized german companies are welcome to do business in beijing , says liu qi
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 1 ( reporter li xu ) small and medium-sized german companies are welcome to invest in beijing , said beijing mayor liu qi today during his meeting here with the economic delegation headed by werner muller , german federal minister of economics and technology .
liu qi said beijing has enjoyed a close economic and technological cooperation and exchange with germany for a long time . quite a few german entrepreneurs have become members of the beijing mayor 's international entrepreneurs ' council . each year they provide excellent suggestions and opinions on the major issues concerning beijing and its economic development and play a very important role in promoting the economic exchange and cooperation between beijing and germany .
in recent years , said he , investment in beijing from overseas has reached about 3.5-billion us dollars each year .
based on the urban planning and the specific context of the city , beijing will in the coming years focus on the development of small and medium-sized , non-polluting , technology  knowledge-intensive and environment-friendly enterprises , in particular , modern manufacturing enterprises equipped with optical-machinery  electronic integration . it also hopes to train a number of high level " blue-collar skilled workers . "
liu qi noted that china 's accession to the wto and beijing 's successful bid to host the 2008 olympic games will bring abundant business opportunities .
germany is an economic and technological power with rich experience in these fields . beijing welcomes the experts from the german manufacturers , small and medium-sized companies as well as related fields to bring their advanced experience , technologies , and capitals to beijing to jointly promote beijing 's economic development and ensure the smooth preparation for the 2008 olympic games .
werner muller indicated that germany 's economic and technological communities are more than happy to further strengthen the economic and technological exchange and cooperation between germany and china .
they are also very pleased to get involved in beijing 's preparation for the 2008 olympic games and provide assistance for beijing 's successful hosting of the olympic games and for accelerating its economic development .
broudre-groeger , german ambassador to china , also attended the meeting .
three universities in china and japan sign agreement on academic exchanges
xinhua news agency , urumqi , july 1 ( reporters li xiucen and ding jiangang ) shihezi university , beijing university and nihon university signed a cooperation agreement at shihezi university yesterday on launching a comprehensive academic exchange program among the three universities and other issues .
the main intentions of cooperation agreed upon among shihezi university , beijing university and nihon university include scholar and student exchange programs , exchange of books , reference materials and academic publications , joint scientific research , hosting of academic seminars , cooperation in areas of common interest , and so on .
as proposed by mr . kouichi shimakata , the vice president of nihon university and dean of college of humanities and sciences , the three universities will also establish a standing committee represented by the three parties to take charge of routine academic exchange and cooperation .
located in the city of shihezi , xinjiang , shihezi university is a comprehensive university with a history of over 50 years and a current enrollment of over 18,000 students .
in august 2000 , the university was designated by china 's ministry of education as a priority university in great western development plan . in june 2001 , the ministry of education launched a " counterpart support program for higher education in western region " and appointed beijing university to support shihezi university as its counterpart .
over the past year , beijing university has unfolded a full-scale educational assistance to shihezi university .
the two universities have actively involved in exchange and cooperation in areas such as teachers training , disciplinary development , academic exchanges , scientific research and management , etc .
european commission disagrees on alliance between air france and alitalia
xinhua news agency , brussels , july 1 ( reporter tian fan ) the european commission indicated on the 1st that it may not approve the alliance between air france and alitalia unless the two airlines guarantee that doing so would not monopolize the market .
mario monti , eu commissioner for competition , said that the european commission is concerned that the alliance between these two airlines would give rise to monopoly over a number of routes between france and italy such as paris-rome , paris-milan and paris-venice , which would affect consumers ' interest .
monti said that the two airlines must propose plans that " will create favorable conditions for the emergence of new competitors on the affected routes . "
in november last year , air france and alitalia announced their alliance which would allow them to share each other 's airport facilities in paris , rome and milan and to cooperate in the capacity , scheduling , and pricing of flights between the two countries .
in addition , alitalia will also join the " skyteam " alliance founded by air france and us delta airlines .
however , the alliance between air france and alitalia must be approved by the european commission .
former residence of jia yi to be restored to styles and features of ming-qing dynasties
xinhua news agency , changsha , july 2 according to the local media report , plans for the second phase of renovating former residence of jia yi , which have drawn great attention from all walks of life , have been basically finalized .
the renovated former residence of jia yi will occupy an area of 22 mu , more than ten times larger than the current 1.77 mu .
by then , the original styles and features of jia yi 's residence since ming and qing dynasties , with its functions both as residence and ancestral hall and its graceful and elegant gardens , will present themselves again in the ancient city of changsha .
former residence of jia yi is where jia yi , the famous thinker and literary master from han dynasty lived when he was banished to changsha . initially built in han dynasty , the residence reached its grandest scale during tang-song period and survived three dynasties of yuan , ming and qing . after the " wen xi conflagration " in 1938 , a taifu hall was once built on the ruins . it was totally destroyed during the " cultural revolution . "
as the former residence of jia yi is considered a paragon of hunan-hubei culture , people from all walks of life have been strongly demanding for a full restoration of all the scenic spots at the old residence .
wu songgeng , director of administration for the former residence of jia yi , told reporters that jia yi 's residence , when renovated , will consist of three parts : jia taifu ancestral hall , jia taifu residence and qingxiang villa .
of them , jia taifu ancestral hall was completed in 1999 . the second phase of the project focuses on the renovation of jia taifu residence , and qingxiang villa in the garden areas at the former residence of jia yi .
jia taifu ancestral hall and qingxiang villa will be remodeled in accordance with the ming and qing styles , whereas jia taifu residence will be rebuilt by imitating designs in the brick paintings from han dynasty .
upon completion , jia taifu residence will be right on the north of jia yi well , with its flooring entirely done by blue bricks of jin dynasty . inside the residence will be a replica of " jia yi 's tablet of merits " and sculptures reflecting jia yi 's life and work .
qingxiang villa will be restored on the south and east sides of jia taifu ancestral hall , consisting of 10 points of interest such as arched gateway , grand view pavilion , and loyalty library .
reporters learned that the renovation of the former residence of jia yi is preliminarily scheduled to start in 2004 .
" never yield to japs : a history of taiwanese people 's resistance against japan " published in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 2 ( reporter liao yi ) on the eve of the 65th anniversary of " july 7 incident , " a book entitled " never yield to japs : a history of taiwanese people 's resistance against japan " chiefly compiled by museum of chinese people 's war against japan has been published in beijing .
the central committee of taiwan democratic self-government league held a forum today in beijing to mark the publication of this book .
zhang kehui , vice-chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and chairman of the central committee of the taiwan democratic self-government league , attended the forum and delivered a speech . also present at the forum were officials from the united front work department of the central committee , taiwan affairs office of the state council and some of the senior taiwan compatriots and experts on taiwan issue in beijing and other people .
participants think that it is not only of historic but also of greater realistic significance to review the history of taiwanese people 's resistance against japan and their patriotism .
at the forum , it was generally agreed that the book represents the true history : it not only illustrates in all perspectives the history of taiwanese people 's arduous struggles against japan but also underscores taiwanese compatriots ' great and tenacious patriotism .
numerous facts have proved that taiwanese people 's 50-year fight against the japanese colonialists was always closely linked to their desire to return to the motherland ; the victory in the anti-japanese war and taiwan 's return to the embrace of the motherland are exactly the victories of taiwanese compatriots ' patriotism and the great unifying power of the chinese nation .
" never yield to japs : a history of taiwanese people 's resistance against japan " is published by taihai publishing house .
the book features a collection of nearly 200 valuable historic photos , most of which are supplied by the taiwanese compatriots on the island and are released to the public for the first time .
the publication of the book has received attention from people of all walks of life .
us government donates 300,000 us dollars of disaster relief to china
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 2 ( reporter han jie ) on behalf of the us government , randt , us ambassador to china , today donated 300,000 us dollars to the china red cross society in beijing to assist the flood-ravaged areas in china .
at the donation ceremony , randt said that he hopes the donation , through efforts of the china red cross society , can help those disaster-hit areas most in need of relief to purchase such supplies as comforters , tents and water purifying agents .
based on the development of the floods in china and the damages they have caused , the china red cross society appealed to the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies on june 24 in hopes of getting an aid of 26-million yuan for flood relief in china .
richard hills , director of the federation 's east asia regional office , said at the ceremony today that all the countries in the world promptly responded to china 's appeal for disaster relief . as of this morning , ten countries - - - finland , turkey , the united states , switzerland , denmark , canada , sweden , australia , new zealand and britain have promised aid to the china red cross society . the pledged donations have already reached 60 percent of the total amount sought .
tang shengwen , deputy secretary general of the china red cross society , said that the us aid is the largest government sum china has so far received for its rescue appeal .
other reports said that the us red cross has also donated 100,000 us dollars to the flood-ravaged areas in china .
since june this year , 14 provinces and areas of china including shaanxi , sichuan , chongqing , hubei and guizhou have been devastated by rainstorms , resulting in the most serious flood in china since 1998 .
afghan employees in chinese embassy in afghanistan to visit china
xinhua news agency , kabul , july 2 at the invitation of tang jiaxuan , the chinese foreign minister , two afghan employees , who stayed on to protect the chinese embassy in afghanistan for eight long years during the civil war in afghanistan , left kabul on the 2nd for a three-day visit to beijing and dalian .
kazim ali , now 40 , and nimatullah , 35 , are respectively a gardener and a chauffeur working for the chinese embassy in afghanistan .
when the staff of the chinese embassy withdrew from afghanistan due to the war in 1993 , ali and nimatullah stayed on to safeguard the chinese embassy at their own risk during the civil war and prevented the embassy property from suffering heavy losses .
in his visit to afghanistan in may this year , tang jiaxuan praised them as friends of the chinese people and invited them to visit china .
ali , dressed in traditional afghan clothes , said at kabul airport : " i feel it is a great honor to be invited by the foreign minister to visit china .
i hope the relationship between afghanistan and china will remain friendly forever . "
shanghang hakka genealogy museum in western fujian to go on an exhibition tour in taiwan
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , july 3 ( wu yi and long huajie ) in september and october this year , the hakka federation of western fujian and longtai exchange association in longyan , fujian province , will go to taiwan on a hakka genealogy exhibition tour , visiting taipei , kaohsiung , taoyuan , hsinchu and other places .
the exhibition will mainly display over 300 original clan genealogies containing 60 surnames , 600 photocopied clan genealogies and over 170 hakka genealogical charts and other related artifacts .
as an undertaker of the exhibition tour , shanghang hakka genealogy museum is busy preparing the exhibits .
the hakkas are an important and unique branch of the han nationality formed by the continuous southward migration of people from central plains since jin and tang dynasties .
the clan genealogies collected by shanghang hakka genealogy museum are mainly those from the local county , involving the three provinces of fujian , guangdong and jiangxi as well as the hakka regions both in china and abroad .
the museum , established in may 2000 , has a collection of nearly a-thousand versions of the 110 hakka surnames and more than 10,000 clan genealogies , of which over 60 surnames have their clan genealogies in the precious originals .
the clan genealogy museum has attracted many overseas hakkas who come to the place to review the genealogies in hopes of finding their own roots . last year alone , the museum had more than 100 visits from taiwanese compatriots .
wu fuwen , the founding member of the international hakka association and a young scholar in western fujian , came to believe through his textual research that western fujian has an important place in the relations between the hakkas in fujian and taiwan .
at present , taiwan has a population of about 700,000 who are of western fujian origin . jiang , zhong , you , hu , zou and wu are the top six surnames among those who immigrated to taiwan from all parts of fujian .
shanghang is the birthplace where most of the hakka surnames originated . studies have shown that in meizhou , the hakka area in guangdong , 90% of the 130-plus surnames are from shanghang . li huode , the " first ancestor of li clan to migrate to fujian , " qiu sanwulang , the first ancestor of qiu clan in fujian , guangdong , jiangxi and taiwan , and about 30 other hakka surnames all came from shanghang .
zhang huasun , " the first ancestor in yinjiang " in southern song dynasty , had his origin in shanghang and his descendants are now spread in all provinces in southern china and southeast asia boasting a population of over 10-million . nearly a-million of them are living in taiwan .
360-degree high definition giant display debuts in china
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 3 a state-of-the-art new type of display medium - - - - a 360-degree cylindrical color giant display wall - - - - is erected today at the capital international airport .
this is the first time that the high definition giant display is unveiled in china .
this latest product in the development of display has just been granted patents in the united states , japan and china .
it is reported that at present , plans are also underway to erect 360-degree cylindrical color giant display walls at airports of such places as shanghai , guangzhou , shenzhen and xian .
the display medium , 2.2 meters in diameter and 1.9 meters in height , is equipped with thousands of sets of state-of-the-art high-intensity light emitting diodes .
it can make each set of leds coiled around the cylinder spin to produce clear and true-to-life audio-visual effects for a 360-degree panoramic display that can be watched from every angle by thousands of people simultaneously .
experts said that this emerging display medium features high illumination , remarkable dynamic video effects , good reliability , greater coverage of content , a rich range of display options and so on .
oscars may be moved up to an earlier date
xinhua news agency , los angeles , july 2 ( reporter zhi linfei ) bruce davis , executive director of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences , said on the 2nd that the academy is actively considering about moving the academy awards ceremony a month forward starting from 2004 so as to revive the attraction of the oscar awards and boost the tv ratings .
davis said that due to complaints about the fixed march ceremony for the annual oscars for motion pictures , the board of governors for the academy of motion picture arts and sciences voted last week and unanimously agreed to consider moving the date of academy awards ceremony forward to february .
the proposal will be decided by vote by the board within a month .
the date of next year 's oscars will remain unchanged , and is still scheduled to be held on march 23 .
the board of governors also voted to shorten the academy awards ceremony to 3 and a half hours or less and strictly limit the number of honorary awards to two .
some people complained to the board of governors for the academy of motion picture arts and sciences that many studios have shown a willingness to pour millions of dollars advertising in the media and launching public relations campaigns to position their movies for awards several months before the academy awards ceremony to the extent that the campaigning has totally gone out of hand .
in addition , a slew of other movie awards , including golden globe awards , rush their shows ahead of the academy awards , sapping the academy awards of some drama .
still some others complained that in recent years the evening oscars show is dragging longer and longer . three of the last four shows exceeded four hours , running well past midnight on the us east coast when the ceremony was over , which affected the tv ratings .
it is reported that in the past few years , the ratings for the academy awards show have been continuously dropping . this year they have even slumped to the lowest level since 1987 .
fifth typhoon , " ramasun , " likely to hit northern coastal areas of zhejiang
xinhua news agency , beijing , july 4 ( reporter quan xiaoshu ) according to the latest forecast issued by china 's central meteorological station at 10:00 a.m . today , the fifth typhoon " ramasun " is likely to hit the northern coastal areas of zhejiang between tonight and early tomorrow morning .
the meteorological monitoring shows that this morning the maximum wind power reached force 12 on the east sea where the center of " ramasun " passed .
the center of the typhoon is expected to continue moving northwest by north at the speed of about 20 kilometers per hour , possibly brushing the eastern coast of zhejiang before heading north and entering the southern waters of the yellow sea during the daytime tomorrow . or it may hit the northern coastal areas of zhejiang between tonight and early tomorrow morning .
it was forecast that under the impact of the typhoon , there will be winds both today and tomorrow ranging from force 9 to force 11 over the ocean surface east of taiwan , the taiwan strait , northern coastal areas of taiwan , east china sea and central and southern parts of the yellow sea .
there will be force 7-9 gales accompanied by heavy rains to rainstorms in the eastern part of zhejiang , shanghai and eastern part of jiangsu .
meteorologists pointed that this typhoon weather was caused mainly by the apparent adjustment in the general circulation in the recent period of time .
the coastal regions should be on guard against possible disasters that may be brought about by the typhoon .
polish prime minister voices support for romania 's accession to nato and eu
xinhua news agency , warsaw , july 4 polish prime minister miller said on the 4th when he met with the visiting romanian prime minister nastase that poland supports romania 's accession to nato and the eu and that he hopes the two countries will enhance their economic and trade cooperation .
according to poland press agency , nastase came to poland on the 4th for a one-day official visit .
during his visit , he held talks respectively with polish president kwasniewski and prime minister miller as well as leaders from both houses of the national assembly . he also attended the economic forum on poland and romania .
during his meeting with miller , nastase pointed out that romania 's foreign trade deficit with poland has reached 170-million us dollars . he hopes that the two countries will promote cooperation in transportation , energy , mining , food industry and other areas .
miller said that poland and romania enjoy excellent relationship and still hold great potentials in the economic and trade cooperation .
he indicated that poland hopes that nato will accept romania as a member at the prague summit this year , and that romania will become an eu member during the eu 's second round of eastern expansion in 2007 .
bones of hostages kidnapped two years ago found in colombia
xinhua news agency , bogota , july 4 colombian authorities firmly believe that the bones of an irish young man and his colombian friend who were kidnapped two years ago have been found in a cemetery in the south .
found at the same time was the remains of a japanese businessman who has been also missing for nearly two years .
investigators from the national security department of colombia found these remains in the cemetery on the 2nd and preliminarily confirmed that they belong to the irish man tristan james , the colombian nelson javier nova and a japanese businessman who has been missing since december 2000 .
james and nova were students of environmental science and were working at the time for an ecological farming organization in southern colombia when they were kidnapped there in july 2000 by the guerrilla of the revolutionary armed forces of columbia , the largest anti-government armed forces in colombia .
james ' family have been searching for him ever since in the following two years .
the local peasants said that they saw with their own eyes that the guerrilla kidnapped the two young people and then locked them up in a room .
forensic examinations confirmed that the murder took place two years ago , which corresponds to the official speculation .
however , the relevant agencies think further tests are needed to identify the dead . the studies will take about a year .
ten years of delegated legislation in shenzhen sez reap remarkable results
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , july 5 ( reporter li nanling ) this year marks the tenth anniversary of delegated legislation in shenzhen special economic zone .
as of june 30 this year , a total of 191 laws and regulations have been enacted by shenzhen municipal people 's congress and its standing committee .
people in the legal community said that during these ten years , a preliminary sez legal framework in shenzhen has taken shape that suits the social and economic development in the sez and meets the need of the city management . it complements the national legal system and the laws and regulations of guangdong province and stays in line with the international practice .
on july 1 , 1992 , the 26th session of the standing committee of the 7th national people 's congress passed the " resolution regarding the authorization to shenzhen municipal people 's congress and its standing committee , and shenzhen municipal people 's government to respectively enact laws and regulations to be implemented in shenzhen sez . "
it is learned that of the 191 laws and regulations , 185 are for the sez and 6 are for the greater city area .
huang liman , secretary of the shenzhen municipal committee of the communist
4th asia-europe finance ministers ' meeting discusses global economic situation
xinhua news agency , copenhagen , july 5 ( reporter wu ping ) the 4th asia-europe finance ministers ' meeting opened on the 5th in copenhagen , capital of denmark , the eu rotating president .
finance ministers will have an in-depth discussion on the economic situation in asia , europe and the rest of the world , especially the economic structural reforms in asia and the eu , and the cooperation in currency and finance within the two regions of europe and east asia .
according to the agenda of the meeting , finance ministers will also exchange views on combating terrorism in the financial sector , money laundering , abuses of global financial system and other crimes .
chinese finance minister xiang huaicheng will deliver an important speech on the cooperation in asian regions at the symposium on the 6th .
the meeting is attended by the finance ministers from 25 asian and european nations as well as representatives from the asian development bank , the european commission and the imf .
the meeting is scheduled to close on the afternoon of the 6th .
the decision to hold asia-europe finance ministers ' meetings was made at the asem summit held in 1996 .
the last meeting was held in kobe , japan in january 2001 .
hewitt crushes henman 's dream of winning wimbledon championship
xinhua news agency , wimbledon , britain , july 5 ( reporter wang zijiang ) the top-seeded player hewitt defeated the famous british player henman in three straight sets in the men 's singles semifinal at wimbledon open today , crushing again the briton 's dream of winning the wimbledon men 's singles championship for the first time in 66 years .
it is henman 's fourth appearance in the semifinals in five years , but it is also the fourth time that he has got eliminated in the semifinals .
hewitt , who is from australia , scored an indisputable victory over the fourth-seeded henman today . he played throughout the game almost flawlessly , winning the game in just two hours , 19 minutes at 7-5 , 6-1 , and 7-5 .
this is also the sixth straight time that hewitt has beaten henman .
hewitt 's opponent in the final will be the winner from the semifinal between the belgian player malisse and the argentine nalbandian . the first four sets in this match ended in 2-2 .
as it grew too dim , the umpire decided to postpone the decisive game in this semifinal to tomorrow .
the women 's singles final will be also held tomorrow . the top two seeds , the williams sisters from the united states , will fight for the championship . of the past three grand slam finals , two were held between these two sisters .
austrian leaders meet with zeng qinghong
xinhua news agency , vienna , july 5 ( reporter lin chuan ) on july 5 , austria 's federal chancellor wolfgang schussel , president of the austrian national assembly heinz fischer , vice-chancellor and federal minister for public affairs and sports susanne riess-passer , foreign minister benita-ferrero-waldner , respectively met in a friendly atmosphere in vienna with zeng qinghong , alternate member of the politburo , secretary of the secretariat and head of the organization department of the cpc central committee .
both sides felt pleased and satisfied with the remarkable achievements in the friendly cooperation in political , economic and cultural and other fields between the two countries for over 30 years since china and austria established diplomatic relations .
both sides agree that china and austria , with their relations established on solid political foundation , have a tremendous potential for economic and trade cooperation and great future for development .
it is in the fundamental interests of both countries and their peoples to further strengthen and deepen the full range of cooperation between the two countries .
as china and austria hold same or similar views on many major international issues , both sides are willing to further strengthen their consultation and coordination in international affairs and promote the establishment of a fair and reasonable international political and economic order .
in addition , both sides also briefed each other on the political and economic situation in their own countries and discussed the possibility of cooperation between the two countries in public administration management and training of public servants and other fields .
china achieves major breakthrough in gene therapy for hypertension in animal experiments
xinhua news agency , wuhan , july 6 recently , tongji hospital at huazhong institute of science and technology has succeeded in gene therapy for hypertension in animal experiments .
experts believe that this marks a major breakthrough in china in the basic research on the treatment of hypertension .
according to wang daowen , the project manager and professor in department of cardiovascular-internal medicine at tongji hospital , the gene therapy for hypertension has been listed as a project under the national " 863 program " .
in china , the incidence of hypertension among adults is as high as 12% , a figure that is still rising at an annual rate of 2.5% .
at current stage , medications are the main means to lower blood pressure both in china and abroad . this is not only inconvenient but also very expensive for patients . many of hypotensors can even cause depression and ulcers in patients . therefore , it is urgent that new ways to lower blood pressure be explored .
according to the findings of the research abroad , the pathogeny of hypertension is genetically related .
experts at tongji hospital have found that a type of gene called human hk has the function of widening blood vessels as well as preventing organs from damages .
wang daowen transduced this gene into a raav vector which is then injected into a rat intravenously . in two weeks , the blood pressure of the rat is significantly lowered .
as a result , 18 white rats with hypertension were cured in the laboratory at tongji hospital .
the study also found that this gene therapy can not only lower blood pressure , but also can reverse hypertension-induced myocardial hypertrophy , myocardial structural disorder and vascular sclerosis and so on . in addition , it can also improve the function of the kidney .
if everything goes smoothly , said wang daowen , the therapy will be tested on humans in three years .
guangxi patient has four kidneys
xinhua news agency report of july 22nd from nanning ( by qiu xuan ) - a guangxi uremia patient has undergone two kidney transplantations , saved from death both times . with four kidneys in his body , he eats and sleeps well and all of his body functional indicators remain normal .
reporters recently saw the " four-kidney " patient in the urological ward of the guangxi people 's hospital .
the man surnamed huang is 47 years old and looks no different from the healthy people .
he caught uremia 10 years ago . he underwent his first kidney transplantation operation in guangxi people 's hospital in february 1993 , making it three kidneys in his body .
he remained well after the operation until last october . due to hard work and irregular medicine taking , his first transplanted kidney began to have repelling reaction and failed at last so he requested to transplant another kidney .
according to doctors , currently mr . huang looks totally different from what he was on april 26th when he had the second kidney transplantation . then he was very skinny and had serious ascites like a pregnant woman . before the operation the hospital signed an agreement with him and had it notarized .
there was repelling reactions several days after the operation with heart failure and serious ascites but after receiving the hospital 's special care , he finally recovered and was released from the hospital .
first world university water-skiing championship to be held next month
xinhua news agency report of july 23rd from tianjin ( by staff reporter zeng zhijian ) - sources from the tianjin municipal sports bureau said that the first world university water-skiing championship would be held from august 21st to 25th in the donglihu water sports center in eastern tianjin .
sources said that the university water-skiing event has been approved by the water-skiing association and is co-sponsored by the state general sports administration and the tianjin municipal people 's government .
the organizing committee made up of different people has been recently set up .
currently , over 400 athletes from more than 30 countries and regions including britain , france , russia , the us , canada and china have entered the competition .
sources from the tianjin sports bureau said that the championship would be another world-level single-sport meeting after tianjin successfully staged the 1995 world 's table tennis championship and the 1999 world gymnastics championship .
they will do their best to make preparations and improve services and ensure a smooth sports meeting .
who warns of over-exposure to sunlight
xinhua news agency report of july 23rd from geneva ( by staff reporter lu dashen ) - the world health organization warned in a booklet on july 23rd here that over-exposure to the sunlight should be avoided because it could lead to skin cancer and cataract .
according to the booklet titled " sun 's ultraviolet rays general index guide " , the world saw an annual increase of two to three-million people with skin cancer and two-millions with cataract . in addition , the number of patients with malignant melanoma increases by 130,000 each year .
the booklet also pointed out that besides the impact of changes of lifestyle , exposing to the sunlight is a major cause of these diseases .
in addition , over-exposure to the sunlight may make people 's immunity functions to degrade , thus leading to other diseases .
the world health organization suggests to take the following simple measures : wearing coats , hats , sunglasses , using sunburn prevention lotions and staying in the shade as possible when the sunlight is strong at noon .
new york world trade center final reconstruction scheme delayed
xinhua news agency report of july 23rd from new york - new york officials in charge of the world trade center reconstruction work said on july 22nd that due to differences on the reconstruction scheme , the new york world trade center 's final reconstruction scheme might be delayed .
a spokesman of new york lower city development company designated by governor of new york state and mayor of new york city said that reconstruction work should reflect the public opinion and choose a right scheme .
the relevant departments of new york city held a large public hearing on 20th and 22nd to gather opinions on the six preliminary reconstruction schemes for the world trade center published on july 16th .
during the meeting , the public generally expressed dissatisfaction with the schemes , citing that the schemes lacked new ideas and the buildings were too many and dense . they asked to reduce the construction scale of office buildings , increase residential buildings and cultural facilities and make more efforts to reflect the memorial theme .
new york lower city development company is trying to combine commercial development and memory of the 9.11 victims in designing the reconstruction scheme . every scheme included a memorial park and four to six-32-85-storey office buildings covering a total area of one-million square meters and an additional 70,000 square meters of commercial retailing facilities .
the company originally planned to reduce the six schemes to three in this september and come up with the final scheme by the end of this year . now it seemed that the final scheme would not come out until next year .
austrian foreign minister welcomes israel to re-send ambassador
xinhua news agency report of july 23 from vienna ( by staff reporter lin chuan ) - austrian foreign minister ferrero-waldner expressed welcome on july 23rd here to israel ' appointment of a new ambassador to resume the normal diplomatic relations between the two countries .
ferrero-waldner said that austria had been regretful over israel 's calling back its ambassador , believing it was unreasonable .
the re-appointment of an israeli ambassador was in the interest of the two countries ' traditional friendly ties .
the move was not only helpful to the two countries ' diplomatic talks but beneficial to the settlement of middle-east conflicts through normal political and diplomatic dialogues .
according to german first tv station , israeli prime minister sharon said in a tv interview by germany 's hessen tv station that israel would resume its normal diplomatic ties with austria .
a spokesman of sharon also confirmed to austrian broadcasting company that tangible steps to normalize the ties between the two countries are already underway .
austrian news agency reported that austrian prime minister schussel said this was " a very positive step " .
various austrian parties also welcomed israel 's readiness to normalize its diplomatic ties with austria .
israel called back its ambassador on february 4th , 2002 when the alliance government made up of austrian liberty party and people 's party was sworn in to protest against the rightist liberty party taking part in the alliance government .
currently , israel and austria only have a diplomatic level of charge d'affairs .
hk sar government to offer job training for thousands of young people in 2 years
xinhua news agency report of july 24th from hong kong - chief of the finance department of the hong kong sar government , liang jinsong , said that in the coming two years , the sar government would offer job-training opportunities for 10,000 young people , aged between 15 to 24 .
presiding over the launching ceremony of the " young people job training program " , liang jinsong said that to provide young people intern job training was to help them gain working experience , develop their professional skills and to improve their employment ability , laying a good foundation for their future work and life .
liang jinsong said that youth unemployment is a major international issues and has caused extensive concern in hong kong .
long-term unemployment of young people would not only affect their career future but bring a lot of social problems as well .
he said that over the past few years , the sar government had inputted a large amount of resources to deal with youth unemployment , such as offering various forms of job training and encouraging them to grasp the opportunity of china 's wto entry and seek development opportunities in the mainland .
liang jinsong said that it was not enough to only depend on the government to solve the youth employment issue . it also requires the support of market forces and the full cooperation of people from all walks of life to offer young job seekers opportunities and find new ways of employment for them .
turkish government approves application for f-1 races
xinhua news agency report of july 24th from ankara ( by staff reporter huai chengbo ) - the turkish government has decided to support turkey automobile and motorsports federation 's application for the 2005 world f-1 races .
according to reports from the anatolian news agency on july 24th , chairman of turkey automobile and motorsports federation tahincioglu attended a special cabinet meeting , introducing to ministers the plan of applying for the event , which was approved by the cabinet .
tahincioglu told reporters that there were four turkish cities that were interested in holding the event . they were the country 's largest city of istanbul , the third largest city of izmir , the mediterranean resort of antalya and the central city of kirsehir .
he said that the automobile and motorsports federation had filed application for land required for construction of the racing circuit and got positive response .
he estimated that turkey could net in annual earnings worth 60-million to 150-million us dollars from the event .
he said that the european union forbids tobacco ads on the racing ground and turkey would abide by the ban and supports ads of technological and telecom businesses .
security council decides to suggest un assembly to accept switzerland as new member
xinhua news agency report of july 24th from the un ( by staff reporter gu zhengqiu ) - the un security council passed a resolution on july 24th , deciding to suggest the un assembly to accept switzerland as a new un member .
the security council passed the resolution during the day according to the suggestion of the security council 's new member committee .
spokesman of the chairman of the un 56th session fischer said that the un assembly would vote to formally accept switzerland as a new un member at the opening ceremony of the 57th un assembly on september 10th .
switzerland formally filed the application for un membership to un secretary-general annan on 17th this month .
thereafter , the security council 's new membership committee reviewed the application .
security council chairman , british permanent representative to the un , greenstock , congratulated switzerland after the resolution was passed .
he said that switzerland had made a solemn promise to firmly support the purposes and principles of the un charter and fully perform the responsibilities the un charter empowered , with which the security council has expressed its satisfaction .
on march 3rd this year , switzerland held a national referendum on whether or not to join the un , in which 54.6% voters and 12 of the country 's 23 states voted for .
the result conformed to the " double majority " stipulated by the constitution of the swiss federation to solve the long-standing issue that troubled switzerland .
annan said earlier that switzerland approved many treaties drawn up by the un and had been taking part in many un operations .
in addition , un 's second center is based in switzerland so extensively speaking , switzerland has long been a un member .
us to provide anti-terrorism aid to asean
xinhua news agency report of july 24th from manila - a philippine foreign ministry official said that the united states would provide technological and fund aid to the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) to help the asean countries better crack down on terrorism .
the official said that according to a memorandum to be signed by us and asean countries ' foreign ministers at next week 's annual foreign ministers meeting in brunei , the united states would offer aid to asean countries in such aspects as logistics , training and fund .
the aid is different from what the us has already offered or is providing to certain countries in the southeast asian region .
malaysian foreign minister albar said on july 23rd that the anti-terrorism agreement the us and the asean were about to sign would enable the two sides to carry out more extensive cooperation on anti-international terrorism , intelligence communication and other allied operations .
in the us-led fight against international terrorism , southeast asia has become a key region .
organizations connected with the " al-qaeda " group have been found in malaysia , singapore and the philippines . they have plotted bombing attacks against several targets including us agencies .
philippine government has preemptive right to try abu sayyaf leaders
xinhua news agency report of july 24th from manila - the philippine justice department said in a statement on july 24th that members linked to the " al-qaeda " terrorist group would be first tried in the philippines , including five abu sayyaf rebel leaders charged by the united states .
the statement said that the philippine government decided to arrest the abu sayyaf leaders and the us charges would not prevent philippine law-enforcement departments from questioning them after they were arrested .
the philippine military also said during the day that the us charges on the five abu sayyaf rebel leaders would further promote the us-philippine efforts to crack down on terrorism .
on 23rd this month , the us justice department charged five abu sayyaf leaders of abduction .
the united states holds that the abu sayyaf militant group is linked to bin laden 's al-qaeda group and vows to arrest its leaders with the philippine side .
if the five leaders are arrested and brought to the us for trial , they will face death penalty .
currently , the five are still at large .
tanzanian troops on high alert along tanzanian-burundi border
xinhua news agency report of july 25th from dar es salaam ( by staff reporter shi peng ) - tanzanian defense minister philemon sarungi said on july 24th that the tanzanian army in areas bordering burundi were on high alert to prevent burundi rebel 's attacks on tanzanian border towns .
speaking at a parliamentary meeting to discuss the 2002-2003 defense budget , philemon said that the burundi rebels entered west tanzania through the tanganyika lake , robbing local people of their properties .
the tanzanian army had arrested some burundi rebels who had entered the tanzanian territory and had brought them to relevant law-enforcement agencies .
reports said that the looting rebels were mainly some refugees who fled to the tanzanian-burundi border region during the 1993 burundi civil war , most of whom were hutu people .
currently , about 250,000 refugees were staying along the tanzanian-burundi border .
because of fears of killing by troops under control of the tutsi people , they dared not return to burundi .
meteorologists contribute recent sultry weather in china to humidity
xinhua news agency report of july 25th from beijing - the recent nationwide heat spell has ended , but people still feel sultry in many places .
chief reporter of the central meteorological station , li yanxiang , said that this is not because the weather forecast was inaccurate . people feel sultry because of high humidity .
starting on july 9th , high temperatures of over 35 centigrade appeared in several provinces around the country , with temperatures hitting 39 to 42 centigrade in many places .
temperatures reached new highs in beijing , shijiazhuang , qingdao and rizhao , making it the hottest summer in 50 years .
temperatures in shijiazhuang once reached 43 centigrade .
li yanxiang said that starting from july 18th temperatures in most parts of the country went generally lower than 33 centigrade .
some areas saw a marginal drop in temperature due to rainfalls . the hot weather has been eased temporarily .
she said that currently it is in the middle of summer and the temperature is generally higher than that of the beginning , but it is not the case in most parts of china .
li yanxiang said that currently people in many places feel sultry . that is mainly because of the high humidity in the ground and air caused by thick clouds and rainfall and not as a result of high temperature .
us second quarter employment costs rise dramatically
xinhua news agency report of july 25th from washington d.c . ( by staff reporter wang zhenhua ) - according to us labor department 's report published on july 25th , us second quarter employment cost index rose 1% , the biggest rise since the fourth quarter last year .
the report showed that salary , accounting for a major proportion in the employment costs , rose 1% in the second quarter , the fastest rising quarter over the past year .
other welfare items , including health and insurance subsidies , rose 1.3% , the biggest rise since the third quarter last year .
the employment index is regarded as one of the major indexes to reflect us inflation pressure .
over the past year , us employment cost index rose 4% , with salary cost rising 3.5% and welfare cost up 5% .
meanwhile , according to a report by the us trade department , the order volume of us durable goods in june was 166-billion us dollars , down 3.8% from may , or a decrease of 6.7-billion us dollars .
it was a month with the biggest order decrease of durable goods since last november .
japanese meteorological department publishes last year 's forecast review report
xinhua news agency report of july 26th from tokyo ( by staff reporter wang dajun ) - japanese meteorological department published last year 's weather forecast working review report , saying there was a great gap from the more accurate aim and would make efforts to increase the accuracy .
the meteorological department compared the evening 's forecasts with next day 's actual weather to verify the accuracy of weather forecasts .
the results showed that in last year 's rainfall forecasts there were 43 days of error , including 26 days totally wrong forecasts and 17 days of major errors .
in addition , in the daily highest temperature forecasts , there were 53 days with a difference of more than 3 centigrade from the actual temperature , and in the daily lowest temperature forecasts , there were 32 days with a difference of more than 3 centigrade from the actual temperature , both longer than one month .
in the forecast of typhoon 's direction , there was an average deviation of 401 kilometers concerning the location of the typhoon center 72 hours in advance , and the accuracy rates of wind direction and speed provided to airports were as low as 66% and 64% .
the meteorological department said it would try to reduce the wrong forecast days to within 20 days by 2006 , decreasing the wrong highest and lowest temperature forecast days to 40 days and 25 days respectively .
japan is a long and narrow island country surrounded by the sea and pays extraordinary attention to weather forecasts .
media like tv and radio stations regard weather forecast as an important program .
us to help train colombian army
xinhua news agency report of july 25th from bogota - the us ambassador to colombia said on july 24th that the us army would send military personnel to colombia to help train the colombian army .
it is learned that one day before the us ambassador made the remarks the us congress passed a resolution to allow the colombian government use the anti-drug fund offered by the us to deal with the rebels . the resolution will take effect after us president bush signs it .
currently , the us offered an economic aid worth 1.3-billion us dollars to help the colombian government to carry out reform and anti-drug operations .
the 17,000-member " colombian revolution armed forces " is colombia 's largest rebel group .
colombian president pastrana announced the break-up of negotiations with the rebel group on this february 20 and civil war broke out .
the group issued an ultimatum on june 26th to the nation 's mayors and governmental officials to urge them to resign immediately or they would face " death penalty " or abduction at anytime .
canada , australia snatch one gold apiece at commonwealth games diving competition
xinhua news agency report of july 25th from manchester - the 17th commonwealth games opened here today .
in the diving competition held before the opening ceremony , canadian and australian divers each snatched one gold medal .
canada 's alexandre despatie , who just turned 17 years old last month , won the men 's one-meter springboard final .
at the commonwealth games four years ago , 13-year-old despatie amazed the world with a victory in the men 's 10-meter platform .
despatie 's success showed that his victories in kuala lumpur in 1998 , when he became the youngest gold winner in commonwealth games history , was not an coincidence .
in women 's one-meter springboard final , 29-year-old veteran irina lashko defeated world champion blythe hartley of canada to clinch the gold .
before lashko became an australian citizen last year , lashko had won silver medals in the olympic games for russia .
except for one mistake , despatie 's performance was very excellent and led britain 's tony ally by 18 points to finish first .
supported by the enthusiastic hosts , ally won the silver out of expectation .
steven barnett 's late surge helped him to win a bronze for australia .
lashko was injured during training two days ago . she had a bandage on her left leg during the competition .
" i am very clear that hartley and i will have a close match , " lashko said , " regardless of my leg injury , i am determined to hold on to the end . "
jane smith won the bronze for england .
suharto 's son sentenced to 15 years in prison
xinhua news agency report of july 26th from jakarta ( by staff reporter zhai jingsheng ) - former indonesian president suharto 's youngest son tommy suharto was sentenced to 15 years in prison on charges of plotting the murder of a judge , weapons possession and absconding .
the court hearing was originally due at 9:00am in the morning but was delayed due to tommy 's diarrhea attack .
the court and the prosecutors sent four doctors to the prison where tommy was held to find out that tommy was really ill and needed two days of rest .
however , five hours later the court announced the verdict by default of the defendant .
tommy 's lawyer protested and vowed to appeal to the higher court .
in september 2000 , the supreme court made up of three judges including kartasasmita sentenced tommy to 18 months in prison on charges of graft .
on july 26th 2001 , kartasasmita was assassinated on his way home .
two murderers were soon arrested . they confessed that tommy promised to give them 100-billion indonesian rupiah ( about 11,000 us dollars ) for this .
the two murderers were sentenced to life in prison on may 9th this year .
after tommy 's sentence , he attempted to use his family 's influence to ask then president wahid to issue an amnesty . he absconded after his request was refused .
after one-year search , the indonesian police arrested him last november .
yugoslav federation constitutional court restores membership of 21 serbian congressmen
xinhua news agency report of july 26th from belgrade ( by staff reporter yang chengming ) - the constitutional court of the yugoslav federation ruled on july 26th that it violated the law for the serbian parliament 's administrative council to revoke the parliamentary memberships of 21 serbian democrats according to a decision by serbia 's ruling alliance presidium on 11th last month and their memberships must be restored immediately .
serbian democratic party chairman and yugoslav federation president kostunica told the press during the day that the above-mentioned verdict by yugoslav federation 's constitutional court must be fully implemented .
however , democratic party chairman and serbian prime minister djindjic said that the verdict by yugoslav federation 's constitutional court went against the legal rights of the serbian ruling alliance .
chairman of serbian catholic democratic party and serbian justice minister batic said the verdict was void because the ruling by yugoslav federation 's constitutional court had gone beyond its authority .
over the past year and a half , differences and conflicts have been tense over a number of domestic and foreign policies between the serbian democratic party led by yugoslav federation president kostunica and the democratic party led by serbian prime minister djindjic .
on august 17th last year , the serbian democratic party decided that its members resign from the serbian government by reason of anti-corruption .
on december 6th in the same year , the democratic party led the ruling alliance parliamentary group to impeach serbian parliament chairman marsicanin , who was also vice-chairman of the serbian democratic party under the pretext of " violating the ruling alliance agreement " .
not long ago , the ruling alliance presidium decided to revoke serbian democratic party 's 21 seats in the parliament , resulting in the serbian democratic party to set up a " shadow cabinet " .
sources here said that whether or not the verdict by the constitutional court of the yugoslav federation would be implemented , the conflict between the serbian democratic party led by kostunica and the democratic party led by djindjic would further aggravate .
mali new president konare visits gabon
xinhua news agency report of july 26th from libreville ( by staff reporter mao xueliang ) - mali 's new president konare made a two-day visit to gabon from july 25th to 26th to discuss bilateral , regional and international issues of common concern with gabonese president bongo .
the two sides issued a joint statement on the evening of july 26th , pointing out that the two presidents reiterated to " make all efforts to ensure the harmonious development of the friendly and cooperative ties between the two countries " .
the two sides decided that the first meeting of the mali-gabon grand mixed committee would be held in the mali capital of bamako to discuss the issues of strengthening the cooperation between the two countries .
the statement said that bongo praised the economic community of west african states ' efforts to resolve the regional conflicts . konare hoped that gabon would continue to make unremitting efforts in the realization of peace and national reconciliation in central africa .
the two sides welcomed the birth of the african union and strongly supported the " african development new partner relations " program aimed at promoting economic and social development of the african continent .
the statement said that the two presidents were deeply concerned about the middle-east situation , urging israel and the palestinians to make all efforts to realize just and lasting peace .
they also congratulated the peaceful resolution of the land dispute between spain and morocco .
konare became mali 's president on june 8th this year .
european stock markets all rise
xinhua news agency report of july 26th from london - influenced by the us stock market , european stock markets all rose on july 26th , reducing losses of the past few trading days but not yet back to the level recorded at last weekend .
in closing , london 's ftse-100 rose 1.28% to close at 4,016.6 points , still down 81.7 points from last friday ; paris 's cac 40 index rose 0.73% to close at 3,172.56 points , down 151.48 points from last weekend ; frankfurt 's dax 30 index rose 1.66% to close at 3,579 points , a big slump of 312.88 points from last week .
the ftse eurotop 300 index rose 1.13% to close at 905.7 points .
during the day 's trading , stocks of pharmaceuticals , banks and some insurance companies rose significantly .
multinational glaxosmithkline announced a big profit recently and the company 's smoke-quitting drug has passed the safety appraisal of the european drug appraisal agency , leading to its stocks to go up 5.7% .
in addition , financial and insurance stocks influenced by us fraudulent accounting scandals have begun to rebound with stocks of britain 's barclays bank and europe 's insurance giant zurich group rising significantly .
however , stocks of european telecom industries fell dramatically due to poor earnings , with stocks of the debt-ridden telecom equipment operator ericsson seeing the biggest slump of 13.5% .
meanwhile , stocks of europe 's biggest telecom operator german telecom fell 4.7% while france 's alcatel plunged 5.9% .
us house approves bill to give president more power in negotiating trade deals
xinhua news agency report of july 27th from washington d.c . ( by staff reporter he ying ) - after a hot debate on the morning of july 27th , the us house passed an act with a small margin in a vote of 215 to 211 to give president bush more power to negotiate trade deals with other countries .
the act stipulates that for trade agreements signed by the us government with other trade partners , the us congress can either approve or reject but may not conduct review or make revisions thereto causing delay to the inurement of such agreements . it is therefore called the " trade fast track " act .
since 1974 , five presidents have had the authorization .
however when democrat president clinton was in office in 1994 , the republican-controlled congress did not approve to extend the authorization , resulting in us presidents losing the power over the past eight years .
after the bush administration took office , he actively helped american companies to expand their overseas markets in a bid to promote export , strongly asking the us congress to approve the act .
to this end , president bush even went to the congress to publicize his idea and finally got the act approved in the house .
the senate is scheduled to discuss the act next week . if approval is granted , the act will be sent to the president for execution .
bush said that the act was very important to the us economy and for the us to play a leading role in the world trade organization and free trade talks .
pakistan to take special method to classify suspects
xinhua news agency report of july 27th from islamabad - pakistani officials disclosed on july 27th that the pakistani security authorities were taking a " special method " to classify pakistani extremists returning from afghanistan in order not to wrong the innocent nor let off any suspected extremist .
an interior ministry official who declined to be named said that the so-called " special method " was to use white , gray and black to register the returning pakistanis who fought for the taliban in afghanistan .
white represents criminal records in pakistan ; gray represents links to extremist groups in pakistan but willing to distance it ; black represents unavailable criminal records from intelligence and security departments and still in trial .
the official said that people registered in white and gray were being released .
it was reported that in a prison in the punjab province 's capital lahore , 41 pakistanis were released after they wrote a " pledge letter " .
local officials hoped that the freed people would not take part in extremist groups in the future .
meanwhile , according to a document issued by a court in lahore on july 26th , pakistani security authorities had arrested 363 pakistanis returning from afghanistan to prevent extremists to slip into pakistan .
before their criminal records were clarified , these people would be held in a prison in the northwestern border region .
solana says eu willing to strengthen cooperation with iran
xinhua news agency report of july 29th from tehran ( by staff reporter jiang xiaofeng ) - european union foreign policy and security issue high representative solana said on july 29th here that the eu was willing to strengthen its economic and political cooperation with iran .
according to reports of iran 's irna , during his meeting with iranian foreign minister kharazi , solana said that the development momentum of the eu-iranian bilateral ties was satisfying and eu members and iran were willing to further promote relations .
solana hoped that the two sides would implement economic and trade agreements that had been already reached to further encourage european countries to invest in iran .
talking about the regional situation , solana expressed his concern about the current middle-east situation , hoping that all the countries could jointly help ease the middle-east crisis .
during the meeting , kharazi said that iran paid much attention to develop and strengthen its ties with the eu .
he said that for important regional countries like iran and the eu , a key figure in the international arena , it was very important to hold bilateral talks .
he believed it was in the interests of the two sides to strengthen the iranian-eu relations .
talking about the middle-east situation , kharazi said that to respect and safeguard the rights of the palestinian people was the only way to solve the current palestinian-israeli conflict .
he stressed that the us had been partial to israel , which was the major reason for the israeli army and police to use force against the palestinians .
solana arrived here on july 28th for a two-day visit .
un agency warns lebanon of facing water crisis
xinhua news agency report of july 29th from beirut ( by staff reporter huang ling ) - a report issued by the un western asian economic and social council said on july 29th that if lebanon does not adopt effective management and reduce the waste of water , it would face severe water crisis by 2005 .
the report pointed out that lebanon 's current annual useable fresh water resources was 2.85-billion cubic meters . water consumption in 2000 was 1.4-billion cubic meters but it would rise to 4-billion cubic meters by 2005 with a deficit of 1-billion cubic meters .
lebanon is one of the few countries in the middle-east region with relatively rich water resources , with its trickling brooks and snow-capped peaks being unique scenes in the arab countries .
however , a large amount of fresh water resources flow to the mediterranean sea without any utilization .
due to the aging water supply facilities and poor management , waste of water is extremely severe in lebanon .
most of the water supply networks in lebanon were constructed in the 20s and 30s of the last century with leaking problems all around .
in addition , only 40% of consumers in lebanon turn in water fees in time even though water tariff is very cheap , far less than the cost for purifying drinking water and laying out the water supply networks .
due to cheap water tariff , the waste of water is rampant in daily life and industrial and agricultural production .
the report by the western asian economic and social council suggests that the lebanon government raise its water price step by step and build water-conserving facilities such as reservoirs and dams and have the existing water supply networks replaced .
lebanon 's parliament passed a government water conservation plan in 2000 and expects to invest $ 2-billion in building 30 new reservoirs in 10 years and replacing water supply networks in some regions .
chinese representative calls for attention to disabled people 's rights
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from the un ( by staff reporter guo lijun ) - china 's deputy permanent representative to the un , zhang yishan , made a speech on july 30th during the un " convention of disabled people 's rights " special committee , calling on the international community to pay attention to all the rights of the disabled people including their living and development rights and actively improve the living conditions of the disabled people .
zhang yishan said that there are 600-million disabled people in the world , accounting for 10% of the world 's total population . the issue concerning the disabled people is a big social problem facing the world in the 21st century .
he said that the disabled people should enjoy the same rights as the healthy people and the attention paid to the disabled people is a sign of social progress .
armed conflicts in the world , natural disasters , poverty and illnesses have further worsened their already difficult situations .
only when world peace is safeguarded , a just and reasonable international political and economic order is set up and an all-round economic and social development is realized , could various rights of the disabled people be protected .
he said that the future " conventions of disabled people 's rights " should fully take into consideration of the differences of various countries ' history and cultures as well as their economic and social development . while paying attention to their political rights , it should pay more attention to their economic , social and cultural rights , especially their living and development rights .
he stressed that the future conventions shall pay special attention to the disabled people 's unique situation and difficulties in the developing countries , fully consider the development and social security systems in developing countries , and working out an implementation standard suitable to the actual conditions in the developing countries .
us white house sets up " global communication office "
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from washington d.c . - us white house spokesman ari fleischer said on july 30th that in response to the anti-american mood in some countries and regions , especially in arab and european countries , the white house was busy to form a " global communication office " to strengthen publication and beautify the us images overseas .
fleischer especially referred to the anti-american mood in the middle east and europe . the arabs hold that the us is partial to israel so they do n't trust america ; some europeans are unsatisfied with the us unilateralism .
fleischer said that in the american war against terrorism president bush had realized that " the white house needs to play a role in the global communication " .
fleischer said that the newly founded global communication office would coordinate among agencies under the state department and other organizations and it would explain to the world " what the america is and why the america is doing so " .
cote d'ivoire police seize 32 kilogram of heroin
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from abidjan ( by staff reporter linhu daocheng ) - the cote d'ivoire press reported on july 30th that cote d'ivoire 's anti-drug squad seized 32 kilograms of heroin in the abidjan international airport .
police chief in charge of anti-drugs , vi dura said that this was the first time to seize such amount of heroin since cote d'ivoire set up its anti-drug squad in 1981 .
reports said that the anti-drug squad , according to information , searched a passenger named endione . the drugs worth 570-million african francs ( one us dollar equals 700 african francs ) were found inside his four cases and one back bag .
endione claimed to be a businessman , boasting dual nationality of guinean and nigeria .
he confessed that he set out from pakistan on june 26th and arrived in abidjan on july 28th .
he planned to take a flight in abidjan to go to ghana and nigeria to sell the drugs .
police said that the drug suspect would be transferred to cote d'ivoire 's prosecutors and the investigation on the international drug-trafficking networks involved in the case was underway .
a report by a un drug control agency pointed out that drug uses and illegal drug trafficking have been on the rise in africa in recent years . africa has not only become one of the major hemp producers and is increasingly becoming a hub and distributing center for many kinds of drugs to enter europe and other regions .
in 2000 , 27% of hemp products seized worldwide came from africa .
us senate foreign relations committee chairman says us not to attack iraq before earlier next year
xinhua news agency report of july 30th from washington d.c . ( by staff reporter yan feng ) - chairman of the us senate foreign relations committee , joseph biden , said on july 30th that he believed president bush was far from making a decision on when and how to resolve the iraqi issue and the us army would not take military actions before early next year .
biden told the press that he did n't think that president bush had made a decision on how to overthrow the saddam regime and the bush administration was most unlikely to take military actions against iraq in the near future , from now to early next year .
he said that in big issues like the use of force against iraq it was hard for him to imagine that bush could take bold action without winning the congress ' support .
biden also stressed that although there was low possibility to launch attacks against iraq , the us must conduct evaluation on the cost and risks of overthrowing the saddam regime from now on .
he said that the senate foreign relations committee would hold hearings on the iraq issue from july 31st , aimed at fully discussing some issues the congress and the government seldom talked about openly but the hearings would not relate to war plans .
virginian democrat senator dianna fanstein raised a bill on july 30th , asking the bush administration to win approval before it took military actions against iraq .
she said that so far the bush administration had not provided evidence to show the iraqi government concealed weapons of mass destruction and sheltered any " al-qaeda " member or it was linked to the 9.11 .
australian anomalous man in prison for raping baby girl
xinhua news agency report of july 31st from canberra - an anomalous man was sentenced to 18 years in prison for raping an 8-month-old baby girl on july 31st .
on february 15th , last year , 26-year-old charles marcum paunch raped an 8-month-old baby girl in a park in the capital of perth of west australia .
local judge kevin hammond of west australia said that the baby was severely harmed after the rape with incontinence now and might become sterile .
he announced that paunch was sentenced , on charges of rape and severe injury , 18 years and 8 years in prison .
in australia , the maximum prison term for raping children under 13 is 20 years .
the judge gave the 18-year-sentence as paunch admitted the crime actively .
during the prison term , paunch could be released on parole only under supervision .
serious traffic accident occurs in nanyang , henan province
xinhua news agency report of july 31st from zhenzhou ( by staff reporter cheng honggen ) - a serious traffic accident occurred on the nanyang-dengzhou highway yesterday afternoon in nanyang , henan province when a min-bus collided with a large refrigerator lorry with a xinjiang license , killing 9 people and injuring another 9 , one of whom died in the hospital the same night .
it was reported that the accident took place at 1:00pm yesterday . a min-bus , on its way from nanyang city to dengzhou city , with a plate number of yu r-02641 collided with a large refrigerator lorry numbered xin k-00958 near the bordering area of the town of qinhua in wolong district and the town of xiangdong in dengzhou city .
the front part of the min-bus was destroyed and nine people aboard were killed on the spot . another 9 aboard the bus and the refrigerator lorry were injured .
after the accident , nanyang police and nearby local medical staff rushed to the site immediately to offer first aid and carried out an investigation on the cause of the accident .
in the afternoon , a panel was set up to deal with the accident in the nanyang city . major leaders of the city went to the hospital to see the injured people and their families this morning .
the nanyang municipal party committee and municipal government also held an emergent video and telephone conference on safe production , attended by government chiefs of all relevant cities and counties , calling on them to draw lessons from the accident and conscientiously strengthen their work on safe production .
( in brief ) at least 80 killed or injured in jerusalem college bombing
xinhua news agency report of july 31st from jerusalem ( by staff reporters ming dajun and liu hong ) - an explosion occurred in a cafe in the college of arts of hebrew university in east jerusalem on the afternoon of july 31st , killing at least 7 people and injuring 70 others with 14 in serious conditions .
palestinian extremist group , the islamic resistance movement hamas , claimed responsibility for the explosion , saying it was a retaliation for the israeli bombing of a gaza residence building on july 23rd .
although israeli universities are on vacation , there were many students eating in the cafe when the bombing occurred .
after the incident , xinhua reporters contacted several chinese students in the university .
according to them , due to the vacation , all chinese students have left the university and no chinese student was injured in the explosion .
currently , there are dozens of chinese students studying in the university .
this was the second bombing within 24 hours in jerusalem .
a suicide bombing took place in downtown jerusalem at noon of july 30th , killing at least five civilians . the bomber was also killed in the explosion .
security council decides to expand the range of responsibility of un 's missions to ethiopia and eritrea
( un , xinhua , august 14th ) un security council passed a resolution today , deciding the responsibilities of un 's missions to ethiopia and eritrea should include removing land mines and assisting to marking borders between the two countries .
the resolution requested the missions to be responsible to organize and coordinate land mine removing and providing administrative and logistic supports to marking borders between the two countries .
the resolution called ethiopia eritrea to safeguard security and freedom of act of members of the missions , providing all embracing cooperation to the missions to execute their tasks and truly complying with the ceasefire and peace agreement they signed .
un 's missions to ethiopia and eritrea were founded in july 2000 , whose major task at that time was to supervising the two countries to practice the ceasefire and peace agreement .
ethiopia and eritrea broke out armed conflict because of border dispute in may 1998 .
in several year , tens of thousands of people died in the conflict and millions were made homeless .
in june 2000 , ethiopia and eritrea signed ceasefire agreement and peace agreement december the same year .
all walks of life in shenyang met to commemorate the 57th anniversary of " 8.15 " , the victory of anti-japanese war
( xinhua , shenyang , august 15th , yao jianfeng reports ) on the same date 57 years ago , japanese imperialism announced unconditional surrender . china won the anti-japanese war .
today , all walks of life in shenyang held public assembly to ceremoniously commemorate this historic date .
in the symposium of this commemorating activity , the senior pioneers of the revolutionary time told their fighting when they were young in the warring times .
some scholars and people from other circles of the society all protested against some deeds of the current japanese government .
former editor-general of the newspaper " marching on " , feng jinyu , said in his speech that japan distorted the history and the rightest extremists planned to build the country by the " holy war " . we chinese vehemently protest to this .
director of " 9.18 " research association , professor zhang yibo said , " 57 years ago , japanese emperor announced unconditional surrender , but now , the day of surrender was changed to " ending day of the war " .
he indignantly refuted japan 's acts to completely denial of invading china in wwii , beautifying the invasion in china and changing invasion in china into " entering " and " liberating asia " .
he said , " the japanese government frequently pay visit to jinguo shrine , which seriously hurt the feelings of the chinese people and of people all over asia ! "
the ugandan president decided to withdraw troops from democratic republic of congo
( xinhua , kinshasa , august 15th ) spokesman of the un observer group , amadu duer said here today that ugandan president musaiweni decided to withdraw troops from baduolite of the equator province , buniya of the oriental province and beni of the north jiwu province of drc and promise to try his best to push forward the peace process in democratic republic of congo .
this spokeman told the press , president musaiweni 's decision was made after meeting with engongji , special envoy of un secretary general to drc on 13th in uganda capital , kanpala .
in august 1998 , after war broke out in drc , uganda and lwanda sent troops to support anti-government armed forces of congo , and angola and zimbabwe supported the government of drc .
at the end of 1999 , all parties in the conflict signed lusaka ceasefire agreement . although the ceasefire requires foreign troops withdrew from the territory of drc , except that namibia announced its complete withdrawal from drc , various amount of troops from other countries still remained in drc .
according to newest report , uganda still stated 4 battalions of troops in drc .
karzai made speech to all the country , stressing the importance of the army
( xinhua , kabul , august 15th , wen xinnian , yu fei report ) afghan president karzai delivered written statement to the country this evening , saying a strong central government was needed to maintain peace and stability of the state and a strong national army was necessary for defending state independence and interests .
this is karzai 's first speech since his taking office as the leader of afghanistan on 22nd of last december .
state tv station and radio broadcasted complete text of the address .
karzai said , if a country had no army , arnachy and disaster were bond to take place .
he said , during the great people 's congress in this june , he promised to the representatives that he would take the construction of national army as one of the priorities of his government . now , he was gradually taking action to fulfil the promise .
he said , the 1st battalion of the national guards , 1st and 2nd battalion of the state army had already graduated and began their services . there were many others that were being trained .
he asked young people all over the country to ardently join the army , making contribution to the motherland and the people .
karzai also released that state commission of the army had been elected shortly before , and vice president and defense minister fahim were elected chairman of the commission .
arms scattered in various places in the country should be registered to the ministry of defense , no matter which war lord or party they originally belonged to , for all these arms were belong to the state , he added .
beijing normal university will take in graduate students in science fiction
( xinhua , beijing , august 16th , liu jiang reports ) beijing university announced several days ago that it would recruit graduate students in science fiction . this is the first time in china 's history of graduate education .
science fiction is a literature with most modern characteristic and the spirit of the contemporary era . it plays a very significant role in contemporary literature in the world .
western developed countries as the uk and the us , many universities have science fiction courses and take in graduates in this major .
according to the head of the contemporary literature specialty of the department of chinese literature of the university , china 's science fiction developed profoundly since the 80 ' s last century though , relative theoretical research is comparatively backward and the education of majors in science fiction is still left blank .
the beijing normal university always leads the science fiction research field in china .
since 1991 , the university opens optional courses of science fiction for students of other majors .
at present , quite a number of graduates having taken this course have already become china 's science fictionists .
besides , a group of young and middle-aged scholar with great potential appeared in the academic research of the university and possessed many research achievements .
japanese prisons to be full of prisoners and many places applied to build new prisons
( xinhua , tokyo , august 16th , wang dajun reports ) according to press reports here , japanese prisons will be full of prisoners . japanese judiciary ministry decided to build one to two new prisons by 2005 yesterday .
local governments raced to apply to build the new prisons .
currently , there are 189 prisons and watchhouses throughout japan with a holding capacity of 650,000 prisoners .
in recent years , because of economic recession , foreign and elderly criminals sharply increased , virulent crimes increased and the imprisonment of criminals tends to be longer .
the number of people in custody increases by 5 to 6 thousand annually in recent years .
there are 59 prisons in japan .
by the end of this july , they exceeded their capacity to 114.5% .
the judicial ministry began to expanding prisons since 2001 , building about 5,000 more places , but there about 10,000 prisoners still will found no prison to spend their imprisonment 3 years later .
since prisoners increased , order in prisons deteriorated gradually .
building new prisons needs scores of billion yen .
the judicial ministry prepared to raise investment from individuals .
part of the service facilities , such as canteen , will be trusted to private enterprises .
in the past , many places feared that prisons would harm the image of the locality , thus , they tried their best to avoid to build prisons in their regions . yet , about 20 local governments applied for building prisons this time .
the reasons are : firstly , to build houses for the managerial personnels of the prison will spur the local economy ; secondly , prisoners and managerial personnels can boost the local tax revenue .
it is the first time that japan decides to build new prisons since 1983 .
kuwait international airport caught fire
( xinhua , kuwait , august 17th ) according to kuwait news agency , the kitch of the first class lounge of kuwait international airport was set on fire because of short circuit , causing the airport closed .
but the fire was control quickly .
kuwait minister of communication , sabarh said , no employee or passenger were hurt in this accident .
however , a few firemen were hurt by cracked glass when fighting with the fire .
he said , the 5th lounge was completely burnt , and thick smoke pervaded most of the airport area .
passengers waiting for planes and employees of the airport were evacuated to safe area immediately .
put-in flights were transferred to other airports and the leaving flights were canceled .
this was the second fire accident in kuwait international airport this year .
at the same time every year , the kuwaitis began to come back from holiday resorts abroad in succession . the airport is very busy as a result .
chinese american chen xingshen donated 200,000 rmb yuan to the international mathematics congress
( xinhua , tianjin , august 18th , li jing reports ) famous mathematician , honorary chairman of imc 2002 , chen xingshen donated 200,000 rmb yuan days ago , to the imc held in beijing on the 20th of august .
deputy director of the chinese mathematics association , chairman of the fundraising committee of imc 2002 mr . hou zixin said , this is the biggest individual donation this congress had been received .
mr . hou zixin said , this imc held in china was greatly supported by the chinese government and people from all walks of the society . currently the organization committee of this congress had received donations from about 100 angencies and individuals .
chiese american mathematician professor chen xingshen is a world class geometrist and also the academician of the us academy of science and foreign academician of the academy of science of china .
professor chen xingshen made distinguished contribution in integral differential coefficient , that influenced development of the whole mathematics . he successively presided and initiated to set up 3 mathematic research institute .
he always pays attention to development of mathematics in china . he took the place of honorary chairman of the imc and " had done much detailed work " for this congress .
in 1993 , when prof . chen xingshen and qiu chengdong met with president jiang zemin , they first proposed to hold an imc meeting in china at the end of the 20th century or the beginning of the 21st century .
this proposal was highly regarded by chinese leaders .
in 1998 , china won the right to host and sponser imc 2002 in china at the assembly of the member countries of international mathematics union in germany .
wu zuodong emphasized to rebuild singapore
( xinhua , singapore , august 18th ) singapore president wu zuodong stressed in his speech at the public gathering of the national day of singapore this evening , that the current economy of singapore must be reformed . singapore needs to be rebuilt .
wu zuodong explained to thousands of government officials , grass root cadres , representatives from civil service and others about why he proposed to rebuilt singapore . he said , under the current mode , singapore had reached the limit of economic development . with economic reform , without developing new potential in economic growth , singapore would suffer slower economic growth or even recession .
he pointed out that economic reform was like a surgery . temporary pains and discomfort needed to be endured and everything could recover .
in order to fulfill this target , the singapore government reformed the policies in income tax , consumption tax and accumulation funds in the past feww months .
wu zuodong also stressed that it is quite important to master chinese and understand chinese culture and history for going together with china 's economic booming . he calls on the chinese community to preserve the spirit and vitality of the chinese language and chinese culture and make concerted effort with other singapore people of other nationalities to build a new singapore .
israel and palestine reached an agreement on israel 's gradual withdrawal
( xinhua , jerusalem , august 18th , nie xiaoyang and ming dajun report ) israeli defense minister ben elizer and palestinian civil minister in charge of security affairs yehaiya reached an agreement on israel 's withdrawal and ceasefire . the two sides agreed to impletement this agreement as soon as possible , but did not set the date .
this meeting is the highest level security meeting between israel and palestine in the past two years of conflict .
according to local press , after a face to face meeting , israel and palestine agreed to withdraw and expand ceasefire region from the gaza strip to west bank city of the jordan river , bethlehem .
palestine and israel used to held secret meetings about the withdrawal plan of israeli army , but no consensus was reached .
the two sides delayed high level meetings several times , and abruptly announced resuming talks until the 18th ��
before the meeting , according israel official source , israeli president sharon took part in the discussion on israel 's position in the meeting .
in the talks today , israel also promised to take measures to improve the living condition of palistinians in israel controled zones .
the first batch of us brand foods shipped to cuba
( xinhua , havana , august 18th ) several tons of us brand foods were shipped the cuban capital havana today , which was the first time the us directly export us brand foods to cuba after 41 years of us embargo against cuba .
these foods marked " marsh " included butter , magerine , breakfast flakes and catsup .
cuba and marsh supermarket co . limited from indiana , us , signed a contract valued 750,000 us dollars . foods that would successively shipped to havana included spices , fast foods , baby foods , biscuits , macaroni , can foods and many other varieties .
head of the marketing department of marsh company said , cuba was a massive market of huge potential , and the marsh company hoped that it could sell products of millions of dollars to cuban market .
the us passed act in 2000 , deciding to relieve the embargo against cuba .
cuba purchased 600,000 tons of us grains , poultry and other foods .
costa rica takes measures to promote competitiveness of enterprises
( xinhua , st . jose , august 19th , li qiang reports ) costa rican president avier paqieco signedd a president bill here today , deciding to found " national competitiveness commission " , aiming at encouraging costa rican enterprises to boost productivity and competitiveness to strive for the opportunity in globalization .
president paqieco pointed out in his speech after signing the bill that the " national competitiveness commission " was formed by people in charge of economic , foreign trade , agriculture , tourism , transportation and other public or private sectors . the commission set down strategy , plan and implementation programs , which involves 5 aspects as infrastructure , engergy , telecommunication , social security and capital flow .
paqieco claimed that while the " national competitiveness commission " is founded , a " national competitiveness plan " would be formally initiated by the ministry of economy .
since costa rica has a small economic size and high opening level , the plan would be began firstly from the sector of stablizing macro-economy , facilitate the development of service industry , intellectual training and supporting small and medium sized enterprises .
german national football team donated 1.5-million euros for flood victims
( xinhua , berlin , august 19th ) the german national football team donated 1.5-million euros to the victims of severe flood in eastern germany today .
besides , the german football association also said that the nation team would play a charity game , donating the income to flood victims .
the rightful elder brother on german a grade games , biren munich also expressed their will to donate 100,000 euros to the flood victims .
the general referee of german national football team , waller said , " we are deeply shocked by the situation of the flood victims . at this critical time , we must give our hands to them , to show our hearts of love and power . "
as counted , the german national team is already late .
shumahe , champion of the world fer and many other famous athletes have donated a lot .
besides , otique , middle level champion of the international boxers federation also said he would donate 45000 euros .
in two weeks , rainstorms have swept the whole european continent , resulting in cities being submerged , bridges being destroyed and at 105 deaths .
however , germany was the worst victim of floods . many germans face the most difficult task of rebuilding their country ever after world war ii .
tropical storm " wasp " swept guangdong , guangxi and spread to hunan and guizhou
( xinhua , beijing , august 20th , wang jiaquan reports ) according to broadcasting issued by the central observatory at 10 this morning , influenced by the 14th strong tropical storm " wasp " , it will be rainstorm and torrential rain from daytime the night today in part of guangxi , guangdong , hunan and guizhou .
according to meteological observation , " wasp " landed at the wuchuan coastal area in zhanjiang city , guangdong province at 20:40 yesterday evening and moved to north-west guangxi province at 8:00 this morning .
as forecasted , the storm will continue to be weakened when moving to north-west .
influenced by the storm , from daytime to night today , it is still windy 6-8 degrees in the middle and northern part of the south sea and and coastal area in guangdong . it is downpour in the west of guangdong , in the middle and and north of guangxi , southern and western part of hunan and most part of guizhou . it is rainstorm in some places in western part of guangdong , middle and western part of guangxi , southern part of hunan and eastern part of guizhou .
number of haemorrhagic dengue infected reaches a historic high in taiwan
xinhua news agency , taipei , august 28 - - ( by shi ying and zhao wei ) the dengue fever infection started this summer in taiwan is showing new developments . as more and more collective cases of dengue fever are reported , there appear several cases of the much dangerous haemorrhagic dengue , and one patient is already dead .
according to the lastest statistics from pertinent departments of taiwan , 1269 people in taiwan were infected by dengue fever this year , 23 of which got haemorrhagic dengue . this number of haemorrhagic dengue infection is even bigger than that of the year 1988 when taiwan had a serious dengue epidemic .
taiwan " disease administration of public health department " said that because the situation of collective cases of dengue fever is particularly serious , which increases the possibility of being cross-infected by different types of dengue fever , the number of patients infected by haemorrhagic denger has reached a historic high .
it is said that as haemorrhagic dengue is of high mortality , if it is not treated in time , the death rate may be as high as 15-50% .
patients that used to be infected by different types of dengue fever are more susceptible to haemorrhagic dengue .
china merchants bank hong kong branch opens business
xinhua news agency , hong kong , august 28 - - ( by li wenru ) china merchants bank hong kong branch formally opens today . this is the first time that cmb set up an overseas branch .
cmb president ma weihua stated at the opening ceremony that cmb hong kong branch got its banking license issued by hong kong monetary authority in april and it can operate all banking services under the three-level certifying system of hong kong .
faced by the fierce competition among banks in hong kong , cmb hong kong branch will focus on the local customers but without limiting itself to the home market . it will take the comparative advantage of mainland branch network and it network , seeking business opportunities amid the economic adjustment of hong kong , to provide customer-made banking products and services for the increasing economic exchanges between hong kong and the mainland .
hong kong companies and citizens who have close economic relationship with the mainland are the target customers of the branch , he said .
cmb , established in 1987 , was china 's first stock commercial bank invested by enterprises .
after years of development , cmb now boasts a total assets of more than rmb300-billion , with more than 300 branches and operational institutions across 30 major economic centers in china , and has established agency relationship with more than 760 banks in the world .
pakistan has approved the candidature of the younger brother of former premier sharif to run for member of provincial assembly .
xinhua news agency , islamabad , august 28 . on august 28 , pakistan approved the candidature of shahbaz sharif , leader of the opposing party and younger brother of former premier nawaz sharif , to run for member of provincial assembly in october .
ghazni khan , spokesman of the election commission , said , " the documents nominating shahbaz sharif to take part in the election of punjab province have been accepted after careful examination . "
the nomination documents were submitted by a member of the pakistan muslim league led by shahbaz sharif on august 26 in lahore on his own behalf .
shahbaz sharif will run for member of the national assembly and member of punjab provincial assembly .
shahbaz sharif replaced his elder brother , former premier nawaz sharif , as the leader of pakistan muslim league in july this year , so as to take part in the election of the national assembly and provincial assembly held on october 10 this year .
nawaz sharif fell in the october 1999 pakistan coup .
after the coup , the sharif brothers and more than 10 other close relatives were exiled to saudi arabia under its mediation .
the musharraf government said that they should stay out of pakistan for at least 10 years according to the exile agreement , but the sharif family has disputed on this point .
when interviewing the reporters last week , president musharraf said that if shahbaz sharif returned to take part in the election , he would be ejected to saudi arabia at once .
scientists have developed new method to get hydrogen from plants
xinhua news agency , london , august 28 - - ( by wang yanhong ) american scientists have developed a new technology to get hydrogen from plants .
this indicates that the research in the production of clean and cheap hydrogen feul has made new progress .
scientists of university of wisconsin-madison in america add pressure to the glucose solution extracted from plants and heat it to 200 degrees celsius , and then process it with an inorganic catalyzer .
the catalysis is brought about by the tremendous platinum specks spreaded in the alumina stuff with many tiny holes .
they may decompose glucose into hydrogen , carbon dioxide and methane .
their report will be published on the nature magazine in britain on august 29 .
when hydrogen is burned , it gives out enormous energy but produces water only , which makes it an effective and clean feul .
but hydrogen is not easy to make , for producing it by amylum glucose is of too high a cost , while the method of decomposing organic material by bacteria is hard to industrialize .
scientists are hoping to improve this new technology by processing the glucose in botanic cellulose with inorganic catalyzer , for the scraps in farming and forestry such as straw and wood bits contain a great amount of cellulose , which will reduce the cost for hydrogen production .
scientists from university of wisconsin-madison say that their new technology is still rather far from practicability .
cheaper catalyzer other than platium has to be found , and technology improved to process more types of raw materials , as well as production rate of hydrogen increased in chemical reactions .
11 chinese enterprises listed among top 500 companies of the world
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 29 - - ( by he jinsong ) according to the development report of chinese enterprises ( 2002 ) published today , the top 11 chinese enterprises out of the 500 are listed in the top 500 companies of the world in 2002 .
among them , state power corporation , with a turnover of rmb400.395-billion , ranks first among the top 500 chinese enterprises . the second to the tenth position are secured by china petroleum &amp; amp ; chemical corporation , china national petroleum corporation , industrial and commercial bank of china , bank of china , china mobile communicatioins corporation , china national chemicals import &amp; amp ; export corporation , china telecom corporation , china national cereals , oils &amp; amp ; foodstuffs import &amp; amp ; export corporation , and china construction bank successively .
this report , published by china enterprises association and china entrepreneurs union , also points out that although all indices have increased in 2001 for the top 500 enterprises , there are still few enterprises of serious deficit , and about one third of enterprises decrease in profit , showing a more apparent gap with the top 500 of the world .
the report shows that chinese enterprises are usually rather small in size . in 2002 , the average amount of assets of the top 500 chinese enterprises is only 6.46% of that of the top 500 of the world in 2002 , while the average turnover is only 5.26% of that of the top 500 of the world .
as for the profit-earning capability , the average profit level of the top 500 chinese enterprises is only 12.06% of that of the top 500 of the world .
at the same time , the chinese enterprises are of weaker innovation . there is considerable gap between the development and application of key technologies of most large chinese enterprises and that of the advanced world level , with insufficient research and development devotion and yet-to-established innovation systems .
among the top 500 chinese enterprises , there is still no enterprises requiring global market allocation of resources and transnational business operation .
legal authorities of greece freeze assets of terrorists
xinhua news agency , athens , august 29 - - ( by chen dechang ) greece 's piraeus court of first instance declared today that it has frozen the assets worthy of 2.49-million euroes of the 15 arrested members of the november 17 terrorist organization .
this decision of the court of first instance was made upon the request of the lawyers of greece post office .
in the past 20 years or so , greece post office suffered a loss of several hundred-millions of drachmas ( about 370 drachmas equal 1 us dollar ) in a series of robberies carried out by these terrorists . the post office hopes to make up the loss with the assets of the terrorists .
the arrest of terrorist savas xiros when he tried to plant a bomb at piraeus , the largest port in greece at the end of june has led the police to the arrest of 15 suspected terrorists , thus virtually destroying europe 's most elusive terrorist organization which had been making offenses for 27 years .
america criticizes eu of being mean in providing assistance to afghanistan
xinhua news agency , washington , august 29 - - today the united states severely criticized europe union for its meanness in providing food and fund to afghan refugees , calling eu 's executive body eu council a " hopeless bureaucratic organization " .
deputy secretary of state duwell , who is in charge of refugee affairs in the state department , said that america 's companions in providing assistance to afghanistan , eu in particular , did not provide the share they ought to give .
" the european union neither generously carried out its commitment made at tokyo convention in january , nor showed any goodwill in multilateral cooperation in this matter . " duwell said ironically .
" what we need are reliable partners in this humane activity . "
he said that eu has only provided 20,000 tons of grain to the afghan refugees , while the united states has already provided 256,000 tons .
america 's criticism was refuted by eu at once .
a spokeswoman of eu council said in brussels that america 's statement was " incorrect " .
she said that eu is making effort to complete its share in the assistance .
officials from eu said that eu provides a quarter of the fund that afghanistan need in its reconstruction , half of which from eu council and half from governments of eu members .
this year , eu will provide a total amount of 250-million euroes of aid to afghanistan , 60-million more than estimated .
japan announces koisumi 's visit to north korea on september 17
xinhua news agency , tokyo , august 30 - - japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi announced this afternoon that he will visit north korea on september 17 as prime minister and hold talks with the highest leader of north korea kim jong il .
koizumi said , " i want to find ways to solve the problems existing between japan and north korea through direct and candid dialogues between the heads of state . "
he said that although " it is not expected that all the pending problems between the two countries would be solved through this meeting of the heads of japan and north korea , in order to open up a new political phase , there is no other ways except for talking with general secretary kim . "
koizumi said that he has informed american president bush and south korean president kim dae jung of his visit to north korea by telephone .
chief cabinet secretary yasuo fukuda held a news conference announcing koizumi 's decision to visit north korea .
he said that it is the historical responsibility of the two governments to effect an early settlement of the abnormal relations between japan and north korea , which would also help stablizing the situation in the northeast asia region .
fukuda said that koizumi will explain to kim jong il about japan 's basic position in security safeguard and will strongly request a sincere response from the north korea side .
he said that the topics of the meeting will also include japan 's colonial rule on the korean peninsula during the second world war and its compensation , as well as " the issue of freeing the kidnapped japanese " .
north korea 's nuclear issue and missile development issue will also be discussed in the meeting .
blair said that iraq 's non-conformity with un resolutions will not be tolerated
xinhua news agency , london , august 31 - - ( by zhang zhen'an ) british prime minister blair said here today that iraq 's non-conformity with un resolutions can not be tolerated , but british government has not decided on the actions to be taken against iraq .
according to the report by uk 's press association , when interviewed by the reporters following his visit to africa on the airplane , blair said that the un security council had made resolutions that iraq must agree to the return of un arms inspectors to baghdad , but iraq had always been against these resolutions .
" to refrain from taking any measures at iraq 's non-conformity with un resolutions is not a right way . " he said .
" the world can not shut its eyes before the fact that iraq owns mass-destructive weapons . "
but he said at the same time that british government has not decided on the actions to be taken against iraq .
when asked that the world is generally against america 's military attack on iraq and what the position britain will take , blair said that britain will keep a traditional relationship with the us just as that on the issue of kosovo and afghanistan .
he said that in kosovo and afghanistan britain " adopted self-possessed , proper and reasonable ways , and won as much support as possible in the world . "
blair begins his three-day visit to africa today .
he will formally visit mozambique and south africa , and will attend the world summit on sustainable development held in johannesburg .
democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) human rights minister taken hostage by ethnic hema militia
xinhua news agency , kinshasa , august 31 - - ( by ou yucheng ) drc human rights minister luaba ntumba and his colleagues were taken hostage on august 29 in bunia in the eastern province of congo ( drc ) by the ethnic hema militia " congo patriots union " of the ituri region .
according to the local media , spokesman of the congo ( drc ) government and information minister kikaya bin karubi made a statement on behalf of the government in the evening of august 30 , strongly asking for the safety of the hostages and the release of them unconditionally as soon as possible .
it is reported that the two ethnic groups living in the ituri region , hema and lendu , have been in rivalry for a long time , fighting for land resources and the like . in recent months , there have been continuous mass armed clashes , causing tremendous casulty and losses .
in order to mediate the conflicts between the ethnic group of hema and lendu and restore peace and stability in the region , the drc government called the chiefs of tribes in the ituri region to a meeting in the capital kinshasa .
as most of the chiefs did not come , ntumba , caller of the meeting , was on an special trip to bunia to invite them to the meeting .
but ntumba and his colleagues had hardly arrived in bunia when they were taken hostages .
iraq welcomed eu 's stand against us military attacks on iraq
xinhua news agency , baghdad , august 31 - - iraq welcomed eu 's stand against us military attacks on iraq today , saying that america 's hegemonism will also aim at europe .
the official press of iraq quoted iraqi vice president ramadan as saying that iraq noticed that eu 's stand towards " america 's arrogance " has changed , for the united states wanted to expand its hegemonism all over the world , and eu would not survive either .
therefore , he estimated that eu 's role in resisting america would increase in the future .
ramadan pointed out that america 's plan to topple the regime of a country , which found no precedent in the modern history of the world , would constitute a threat to all the regimes that washington did not like .
ramadan has just finished his diplomatic lobbying visit to syria and lebanon , by which he tried to win support from the two countries to fight against america 's threat .
on the helsingoer european union foreign ministers meeting closed today in denmark , eu called for the un to mediate the crisis facing iraq and asked iraq to allow un arms inspectors to return to iraq .
ex-un official opposes america 's anticipative actions against iraq in an article
xinhua news agency , canberra , september 2 - - ( by xu boyuan ) richard butler , ex-chairman of the un special committee for supervising the destruction by iraq of all its chemical , biologic and nuclear weapons , published an article on australia financial review today , in which he opposes america 's anticipative military attacks on iraq which steers clear of the un security council .
in his article , butler said that if america can provide evidence before the un security council that the number of illegal weapons in iraq has increased greatly during the 4 years free of inspection , it may request the security council to ask iraq to allow the inspectors into its relevant facilities , or it should be liable for any results .
however , the us government declares to launch military attacks on iraq " without taking these steps " and " without allowing re-inspection " , which is " very ridiculous " .
butler said that america 's authority is no longer what it was like during the cold war . although the world has shown sympathy to it after the september 11 terror attack , it is not unchangeable , and such sympathy will lessen if apparent unilateral actions are taken against iraq .
butler also writes in the article , " the cost and result of imposing unilateral attacks on iraq will be unimaginable .
bushism is not international law . "
butler was the chairman of the un special committee for supervising the destruction by iraq of all its chemical , biologic and nuclear weapons from 1997 to 1999 , and his harsh attitudes used to arouse strong discontentment from iraq . ( concluded )
iraqi deputy prime minister said america 's accusation of iraq 's development of mass destructive weapons is groundless
xinhua news agency , washington , september 1 - - interviewed by cnn , iraqi vice deputy prime minister aziz said that america 's accusation that iraq is making mass destructive weapons is groundless , and iraq is willing to prove that this accusation is false .
aziz , who is attending the world summit for sustainable development in south africa , refuted us vice president cheney 's statement made on august 29 that iraq is a fatal threat to the us .
he said , " they say that iraq is producing mass destructive weapons . it is false and untrue .
we are ready to prove this . we will prove it by technological and feasible means . "
but aziz also stated that allowing the arms inspectors led by the head of the un monitoring , verification and inspection commission blix to return to iraq is not a choice worth considering .
he said , " this will not work , for the inspection team will not come up with any conclusions .
it is hard for us to believe that mr blix and his team will come to a conclusion within a reasonable period of time . "
he said that america 's concern with iraq 's " ability to produce nuclear weapons " is only an excuse with which it is trying to attack iraq and " change the regime in iraq " .
an " objective and honest " investigation will help settle the present crisis , he stressed .
he suggested that america send a congress delegation to irag for arms inspection , but america has been against the suggestion .
israel and jordan announced joint protection for the dead sea
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , september 1 - - israel and jordan announced today at the world summit for sustainable development that they would build a water pipeline at a cost of 800-million dollars to pump water from the red sea into the dead sea on the border betwwen the two countries with an effort to prevent the dead sea from disappearing due to the continuous lowering of the sea level .
the israeli and jordanian government said that the pipeline would be as long as 300 kilometers , crossing the territories of the two countries .
the water from the red sea will be used to prevent the sea level of the dead sea from lowering .
according to statistics , the sea level of the dead sea is lowered about 1 meter a year . if this trend is not stopped , the dead sea will really be " dead " in a few dozens of years , which would seriously affect the local tourism industry and underground water resources .
it is estimated that this programme to protect the dead sea will take 3 to 5 years .
the two countries plan to settle down the preliminary project by the end of this month , after which a nine-month study on the project will be carried out .
iraq said that sanctions have caused the death of 1.73-million iraqi people
xinhua news agency , baghdad , september 2 - - ( by gu zhenglong ) according to the latest report published by iraq 's public health ministry today , since the international sanctions began on 1990 , about 1.732-million iraqi people died of the lacking of medicine and medical treatment or malnutrition .
the report said that from january to july in the year 2002 only , the number of deaths in iraq were as high as 103,000 , among which 46,300 were children under five years old .
the major causes of child deaths were diarrhea , respiratory inflammation , pheumonia and malnutrition .
the report pointed out that the us and uk representatives in the un sanctions committee intentionally laid aside the contracts by which iraq would import medicine and medical equipments according to the " oil for food " programme , which was the main cause of the rise of death rate in iraq .
if the united states and britain insist on sanctions on iraq , it will inevitably cause more child deaths , and they should be responsible for such inhumanity .
when iraq invaded kuwait in august 1990 , the un imposed economic sanctions on iraq .
in 1996 iraq reached an " oil for food " agreement with the un .
according to the agreement , 72% of iraq 's income of oil exportation will be used in humanism projects , 25% for the payment of the gulf war damages , and the rest for the expenditure of the un projects in iraq .
the number of foreigners and citizens of hong kong , macau and taiwan that work in shenzhen increases
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , september 2 - - ( by he guanghuai ) after china 's enterance into wto , shenzhen is continuingly open more widely to the outside world , and more and more foreigner and citizens of hong kong , macau and taiwan come to work in shenzhen , playing an important role in improving the management , technological development and product exportation of shenzhen enterprises .
according to the foreign-related employment service center of shenzhen labor administration , every year more than 3000 foreigners and 5000 citizens of hong kong , macau and taiwan are granted working permit in shenzhen , taking up half of the total foreign-related labor force in guangdong .
the foreigners and citizens of hong kong , macau and taiwan working in shenzhen are mainly in transnational group corporations , foreign-invested companies , shenzhen offfices of foreign companies and branches of foreign banks . some of them are general managers or delegates sent by the head office in the foreign countries , some are senior administrators and technicians sent for the need in management and technology , and some are foreign professionals employed for business operation .
some stocks corporations , private enterprises and state-owned enterprises in shenzhen have also started hiring a large number of professionals from hong kong , macau and taiwan and other countries for management and technical work , so as to improve the capability of the enterprise in competition in the global market .
as for the administration of foreign-related labor , shenzhen encourages senior administrators and technicians from overseas to work in shenzhen while strictly limiting common laborers . it issues working permit to foreigners and regulates the entry and exit of them in shenzhen .
shenzhen will also establish administration patters and service network of the municipality , the district and the county in line with the actual need , facilitating the enterprises applying for employment of overseas personnels .
syria calls on the us for a peaceful settlement of the question of iraq through the un
xinhua news agency , damascus , september 2 - - ( by gong zhenxi ) syria foreign minister sharett called on the united states today to settle the question of iraq peacefully through the un .
sharett made the above statement during his meeting with the visiting us assistant secretary of state satterfield .
it is reported by syria news agency that sharett and satterfield discussed the latest development of the situation in the middle east , the situation in palestine and " about the threat posed by iraq " in particular .
after the meeting , satterfield told the reporters that his talk with sharett was " fruitful and profitable " .
he pointed out that america devoted itself into realizing general and fair peace in the middle east in accordance with no . 242 and no . 383 resolutions of the un security council and the principle of land for peace as well as the peace proposal made at the beirut arab countries summit in march .
when talking about the situation in the border region between lebanon and israel , he said , " all parties concerned should make the greatest effort to secure calmness and avoid upgraded situation and provocation . "
he denied the report about his sending oral messages of israel to syria .
the hezbollah attacked the base area of the israeli army in chebaa farm in the border region between lebanon and israel on august 29 , killing one israeli soldier and injuring two .
soon after that , israeli defense minister bin aleazer warned syria and lebanon not to play with fire , and stated that israel would strongly respond to any attacks and provocations at a proper time .
it is reported that during their meeting on august 29 , bin aleazer asked satterfield to send his " warning " to the syrian authorities when visiting damascus .
macao will launch a big tourism promotion campaign in beijing
xinhua news agency , macao , september 3 - - ( by li kun ) a delegation led by chui sai on , secretary for social affairs and culture of macao special administrative region , will go to beijing tomorrow and start a series of campaigns promoting macao 's tourism resources .
the msar tourist office announced today that 19 representatives from the tourist office who are responsible for macao tourism promotion campaigns overseas , led by the secretary for social affairs and culture of the sar chui sai on , will launch a 4-day promotion campaign for macao in beijing .
during the campaign , officials from the national tourism administration will introduce the development in tourism of the state to the macao representatives , enabling them to know more about the tourism in the mainland and to better promote tours from macao to the mainland overseas .
during their stay in beijing , the macao tourism delegation will hold product exhibitions , introducing macao 's tourist products and facilities to 41 mainland tourist agencies that are qualified to organize overseas tours and to the news medias .
in order for the beijing people to know about macao more directly , the sar tourist office will hold a photograph exhibition of the famous scenic spots and yearly big events of macao at beijing 's downtown new dong'an square for 3 consecutive days .
antunes , director of msar tourist office , said at the news conference that msar received 10-million visitors last year , and the mainland was the second largest tourist source region .
this year , the sar tourism industry will go on trying their best with an effort to attract more than 11-million visitors to macao from outside the sar .
in order to attract tourists , msar will organize activities such as international firework day , grand car racing and international music day .
china and south korea signed an understanding memorandum on cooperation in insurance supervision
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 3 - - ( by qian chunxian ) china insurance supervision committee and south korea finance supervision committee signed china and south korea understanding memorandum on cooperation in insurance supervision here today .
experts say that the conclusion of the understanding memorandum between china and south korea will have a positive effect in promoting communication and cooperation between the insurance industry of china and south korea , perfecting high-level dialogue system , discussing the trend of development of the insurance market of the two countries , and framing the supervision policies , especially in promoting the exchange of experience and technology of the two sides in insurance supervision
it is reported that since the establishment of china insurance supervision committee in 1998 , it not only speeds up the framing of insurance laws and regulations and strengthens market supervision , but also constantly expands communication and cooperation with the international insurance supervision organizations and insurance supervision institutions of other countries .
at present , it has already signed understanding memorandums on insurance supervision with finance supervision institutions of singapore , germany , the united states and macao special administrative region respectively .
iraq called on arab countries for a unified stand
xinhua news agency , baghdad , september 3 - - ( by gu zhenglong ) iraq 's no . 2 figure , vice-chairman of the revolutionary command council ibrahim called on arab countries today at the arab congress union emergency meeting opened here to take unified stand and mobilize all powers to fight against america 's military threats .
ibrahim made such statement in his opening speech for the meeting on behalf of iraqi president saddam .
he asked the arab countries to follow the league of arab states charter and arab common defense treaty , stand firmly together with iraq and palestine to fight against the united states and israel , and to give as much political , economic and military support as possible to the two countries .
congress delegations from 17 arab countries with about 100 congreemen attended the 42nd emergency meeting of arab congress union opened in baghdad today .
the arab congress union was established in june 1974 , with its head office in syrian capital damascus .
the purpose of the union is to strength exchange and communication among congress of arab countries , coordinate and unify the activities of these congresses in the world as well as in other aspects , and discuss the problems facing the whole arab world .
russian envoy to the middle east stresses an overall settlement of the question of iraq
xinhua news agency , cairo , september 3 - - ( by wang hao and liu yunfei ) russian envoy to the middle east vdovin stressed here today that a way to settle the question of iraq all around should be found , i.e . while enabling the un arms inspectors to return to iraq , the 12-year long sanctions on iraq should be lifted .
after meeting the arab league secretary general moussa today , vdovin told the media that the russian government disapproves the use of force but favors a peaceful settlement of the question of iraq through dialogue .
as for the conflict between palestine and israel , vdovin said that the palestinian people need a safe living environment and a better improved living condition by solving the humanism problems facing them .
he said that russia called on the international society to help palestine in necessary reforms in government organizations and other reconstruction works in order to build an independent state of palestine in a certain period of time which will peacefully coexist with israel in the region .
vdovin arrived in cairo after visiting israel and palestine region .
guangdong police smashed secret private banks in " dam up " action
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , september 4 - - ( by xiao wenfeng ) led by the guangdong provincial bureau of public security , the police of guangzhou , zhuhai , foshan , dongguan and shunde recently launched a joint operation named " dam up " to crack down the illegal trading of foreign currencies by secret private banks , and have achieved considerable results .
the police smashed 11 secret private banks in the action , destroyed 30 trading offices and detained 53 suspects . a great amount of cash and foreign and domestic bankbooks were seized , thus freezing more than 8.5 million yuan in bank deposits .
the police also confiscated cars , motorcycles and a large number of account books and facsimile documents as evidence , and computers , banknote circulating machines , fax machines and other tools used by the criminals .
after preliminary examination , the suspects confessed their offenses in which they used stores and residential apartments as trading offices , cooperating with " agents " from hong kong and macao , trading foreign currencies illegally and earning profits from it over a long period of time by such means as cash trading and bankbook transfer .
their " clients " were mainly tourists going abroad and owners of privately-run enterprises in the pearl river delta .
at present , the police are investigating whether these " clients " have committed other offenses .
head of the guangdong provincial bureau of public security said that the illegal trading of foreign currencies by the secret private banks not only disturbed the financial order and caused the outflow of bankroll , but also provided " undercurrent " passages of fund for criminals committing corruption , deception , smuggling and gambling , which should be punished severely according to law .
the guangdong police will focus on the crackdown of illegal trading of foreign currencies by secret private banks in its effort to improve and regulate market order , carrying out a series of joint actions to continuously smash and punish the illegal trading of foreign currencies by secret private banks , aiming at dam up this " undercurrent " of fund thoroughly .
eu stressed importance of security council in solving the question of iraq
xinhua news agency , brussels , september 4 - - ( by feng jian ) christopher patten , eu commissioner for external relations , made a speech at the european parliament today �� stressing again the importance of the un security council and its certain resolutions in solving the question of iraq .
christopher patten said that the international society must respect the authority of the un and the international law , and that as the un security council has " set the direction " in solving this tough question , every country should regulate its own conduct within the frame of the un resolutions and decisions .
he said that the effort to urge iraq to follow the un resolutions thoroughly should receive wide support in the international society , and only in that way these efforts may have a greater possibility to be successful .
he thought that eu should go on making effort to press iraq to carry out the un resolutions thoroughly .
he pointed out that so far there is no firm evidence showing that iraq possesses mass destructive weapons .
czech and slovakia will coordinate their actions in the last stage of negotiation for their entrance to eu
xinhua news agency , prague , september 4 , from bratislava - - czechic foreign minister svoboda and slovakian foreign minister kukan both stated after their meeting in bratislava today that czech and slovakia would coordinate their actions in the last stage of negotiation for their entrance of eu and strengthen cooperation .
svoboda and kukan stated at the joint news conference held after the meeting that the two countries would strengthen cooperation in the two most difficult negotiantions on agriculture and budget policy with eu .
they also stressed that as for the issue of how to deal with the benes decrees that were passed after the second world war in czechoslovakia , the attitude of the two countries has not changed , and if problems should occur in this regard in the future , they would take joint actions .
czech has divergent views on the issue of the benes decrees with that of germany , austria and hungary .
some leaders of germany , austria and hungary thought that the benes decrees are not in line with the existing laws of eu and should be abolished , and take this as a precondition for czech 's entrance to eu .
czech stressed that the benes decrees were the result of the second world war , and are unquestionable and unchangable .
slovakia takes the same stand with czech on this issue .
svoboda paid a one-day working visit to slovakia today .
this is his first visit to slovakia after he became the new foreign minister of czech .
during his visit , svoboda also discussed with slovakian president schuster and prime minister dzurinda respectively on issues of further developing bilateral relations , eu and nato expansion , strengthening military cooperations between the two countries , etc .
un and eu blamed israel for banishing palestinians
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 5 - - the un and eu both blamed israeli army yesterday for driving two so-called palestinian " relatives of terrorists " from the west bank of jordan river to the gaza strip ��
the un secretary general annan soon made a statement through his spokesman after the event , claiming that israel 's action was against the international law .
the statement said , " such remove actions , strictly prohibited by international humanism law , will bring very serious political and safety results . "
as a number of incidents occurred continuously last week in which a large number of palestinian civilians were killed by the israeli army , annan expressed his strong dissatisfaction with israeli army 's sudden killings under the circumstance that conflicts between the two sides had relatively calmed down and the efforts of the international society for peace had made new progress .
on that same day , danish foreign minister moeller , whose country was the chairman on duty of eu , and who was visiting the palestine region , also strongly condemned israel 's banishment after his meeting with the palestinian leader arafat .
moeller said , " eu is against banishment and collective punishment . those are not ways to solve the problem . "
at the same time , moeller also condemned israeli army 's recent reckless killing of palestinian civilians , saying that in his discussion with israeli defense minister bin aleazer they " exchanged views candidly " .
moeller said that suicide bombing attacks should of course be stopped , but " the way to deal with suicide bombing is not killing civilians " .
when meeting with israeli prime minister sharon the same day , moeller submitted the new peace programme for the middle east passed on the eu foreign ministers meeting of august 31 , and urged israel to return to palestine about 600-million dollars of taxation collected for palestine .
but sharon said after the meeting that eu 's peace programme for the middle east is " unrealistic " .
however , the palestinian leader arafat has said that palestine " accepts in principle " the peace programme put forward by eu .
us announced spy satellite launch delayed
xinhua news agency , washington , september 4 - - the pentagon announced here today that the defense ministry of the united states had delayed the launch of a $ 1-billion eavesdropping satellite .
rick oborn , spokesman of the national reconnaissance office of the pentagon that designs , builds and operates spy satellites , confirmed the news today , but he declined to spell out the cause .
he said that this satellite had been due for launch sometime this summer from cape canaveral air force station .
no new launch date was announced by the pentagon .
however , according to aviation week &amp; amp ; space technology , the first to report the delay , the satellite will not be launched until the spring of 2003
it is reported that this satellite can monitor the ground communication and collect information by using an aerial as long as 33 meters in the space .
the united states launched a similar satellite in 1998 , but the booster carrying it exploded 40 seconds after launch , and the satellite was destroyed as well .
old movies shown in hong kong to review hong kong 's past sceneries and emotions
xinhua news agency , hong kong , september 5 - - as part of the " hong kong film and popular culture " campaign , hong kong film archive cinema showed a number of hong kong movies of last century 's 50s and 60s , exhibiting hong kong 's sceneries and emotions in the past to the present-day audience .
the campaign , sponsored by hong kong leisure and cultural services department and hong kong film archive , after the showing of " pop music and caricature " and the exhibitions , has now got into the stage featuring " metropolitan popular fiction " .
besides the showing of old films , hong kong film archive will also hold an exhibition of " modern city cross-framed by film and literature " , at which the visitors may see in the exhibition hall of the archive precious materials related to popular fictions and films of the 50s and 60s , looking back on the popular cultures and social aspects of the past days in hong kong .
besides , hong kong film archive cinema will also hold two symposiums on " popular caricature and movies " and " metropolitan literature and light fiction " respectively , talking and discussing with the audience the countless ties between popular cultures and movies in the past and today .
china unicom will acquire cellular business in nine provinces and municipalities
xinhua news agency , hong kong , september 5 - - ( by wang shun ) china unicom stocks limited announced today its interim results by june 30 , 2002 .
yang xianzu , chairman of the board of directors and ceo of china unicom , revealed at the news conference that china unicom would first acquire the cellular business in nine provinces and municipalities that is currently under the operation of the parent company .
yang xianzu said that the parent company of china unicom is planning to issue a shares in mainland china to raise funds for part of its cdma network construction .
at the same time , china unicom will acquire the cellular business in nine provinces and municipalities that is under the operation of the parent company .
yang xianzu said that gsm service will remain the principal source of the group 's operating revenue and profit while launching the cdma business is a strategic decision of the group to establish a leading position in the market .
he said that china unicom is planning to upgrade the cdma network to cdma 1x by the end of this year , developing new profit growth drivers for cellular communications .
in the first six months of this year , the net profit of china unicom rose to rmb 2.25-billion from rmb 2.19-billion of the same period last year , an increase of 2.7% compared with the same period last year .
yang xianzu said that the fact that the growth of net profit lagged behind that of the operting profit was largely due to the decline of interest rate on deposit as well as the investment of part of the fund raised from the initial public offering into capital expenditure .
at present , the total assets of china unicom reached rmb 113.34-billion , and the debt to capital ratio was 31.5% .
the total revenue of the group was rmb 17.99-billion , up 32.1% from the same period last year .
there were 34.069-million cellular subscribers , 7.036-million more than the end of 2001 .
yangtse river mainstream , dongting lake and poyang lake all ebb from warning water level today
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 5 - - ( by wang libin ) according to the latest information provided by the state flood control and drought relief headquaters , the yangtse river mainstream , dongting lake and poyang lake will all ebb from warning water level tonight .
the tens of thousands kilometers of yangtse river embankment has survived the flood started in late august .
by 2 o'clock in the afternoon of september 5 , the water level at yangtse river jianli hydrometric station was 32.91 meters , 2.09 meters lower than the warning water level .
the water level at luoshan hydrometric station was 30.03 meters , 1.47 meters lower than the warning water level .
the water level at hankou hydrometric station was 25.21 meters , 2.09 meters lower than the warning water level .
at present , except for jiujiang hydrometric station with a water lever still 0.05 meters higher than the warning water level and hukou hydrometric station with a water lever still 0.06 meters higher than the warning water level , the yangtse river mainstream and dongting lake and poyang lake area have all ebbed from the warning water level .
the state flood control and drought relief headquaters office expects that the water level at jiujiang and hukou hydrometric station will both ebb from the warning water level tonight .
influenced by the rain water from the upper reaches area and dongting lake hydrographic net , since late august , the water levels at the middle and lower reaches of the yangtse river mainstream lower than shishou rose higher than the warning water level in succession .
among them , the water level at jianli hydrometric station reached the third highest on august 24 since the establishment of the station in 1934 .
the water level at lianhuatang hydrometric station reached the fourth highest on the same day since the establishment of the station in 1904 .
the water level at luoshan hydrometric station reached the fourth highest on august 25 since the establishment of the station in 1953 .
the flood peak on the yangtse river mainstream reached hankou hydrometric station on august 25 , and the water level started to ebb after being over warning water level for 21 hours .
the water level at chenglingji hydrometric station on dongting lake was kept over warning water level and flood peak appeared on august 24 , being the fourth highest water level since the establishment of the station in 1904 .
the flood peak water level at hukou hydrometric station on poyang lake appeared on august 28 , 1.12 meters higher than the warning water level , being the highest since the flood started this year .
pakistan does not support us attacks on iraq
xinhua news agency , islamabad , september 5 - - ( by liang hao ) pakistani president musharraf stated today that pakistan would not support the us military attacks on iraq , for as soon as america uses force against iraq , the entire muslim world would be in turbulence .
musharraf made the above statement when interviewed by a foreign media just before his visit to the united states .
he said that in south asia there are a lot of problems to be solved and pakistan does not want to be involved in any disputes related to iraq .
he said that the pakistani army is now eliminating the remainder of al qaeda and taliban with its own power , and pakistan does not need the assistance of us troops in this aspect .
he admitted that some of al qaeda members are seeking asylum in the tribe areas between pakistan and afghanistan , but the pakistani army has enough power to deal with these problems , and it is " unwise " to introduce the us troops into pakistan to take military actions at this point .
when talking about the question of afghanistan , musharraf said that it is still too early for the us troops to withdraw from afghanistan , for the situation in afghanistan is not stable yet , and the interim government of afghanistan led by karzai still needs the support from the us and the international peace-keeping force .
arab states against use of force on iraq
xinhua news agency , cairo , september 5 - - ( by liu yunfei and wang hao ) the two-day 118th foreign ministers meeting of council of league of arab states ( arab league ) closed here today .
the meeting passed a resolution unanimously that use of force against iraq is firmly objected , while asking iraq to start dialogues with the un to seek to fully solve the question of iraq .
the resolution stressed that any threat of use of force against iraq will be seen as a threat to the safety of the arab peoples , and it called for a lift of the sanctions on iraq and respect for the integrity of iraq 's sovereignty and territories .
arab league secretary general moussa said at the news conference after the meeting , " we shall do everything to prevent military conflicts in this region , for as soon as war breaks out , ' the door to the hell ' will be opened in the middle east .
and no one can predict the results the war brings . "
moussa said that people in the region are already more than angry about what happened on the conquered land of palestine .
under such circumstance , any military attacks on iraq will bring very serious results to the middle east and even regions other than the middle east .
as for the issue of the relations between iraq and the un , moussa said , " we think that no matter whether the problems occurred have anything to do with mass destructive weapons , these problems should be solved through dialogues within the frame of the un and the un security council . "
he said that the arab league agrees that the un arms inspectors return to iraq after the iraqi government and the un secretary general annan reach an agreement .
foreign ministers and representatives from 22 member states of arab league also discussed the questions of palestine-israel conflict and sudan at the meeting .
the meeting 's resolution restated the support for the right cause of the palestinian people , asking arab states to go on providing financial aids to palestine .
fierce fighting between nepalese army and maoist rebels in mid-western district
xinhua news agency , kathmandu , september 9 ( reporter : wu haimang ) - fierce fighting between nepalese army and maoist rebels took place in mid-western area of agarkhanchi district on the evening of the 8th . casualties for both sides are in the hundreds .
nepalese state radio quoted an army spokesman on the 9th , who said several thousands of maoist rebels launched a massive assault on agarkhanchi government in the evening of the 8th at about 10 o'clock local time .
at present , the battle between both sides still continues .
the spokesman said that hundreds of maoist rebels were killed in the battle , while casualties for the government army are also high .
since the evening of the 8th , communication and liaison with the district have been cut off , thus the exact number of casualties is not available at this moment .
this is the biggest assault launched by the maoist rebels in five months .
according to another local media report , maoist rebels attacked a police post in sindhuli district sometime between midnight of the 7th to the early hours of the 8th and killed at least 49 policemen .
maoist rebels ' unceasing attacks against the government since last november have resulted in numerous violent incidents , forcing the nepalese government to declare a state of emergency on the 26th of november , and mobilized all armed forces of the royal army , police and security to crush maoist rebels across the nation .
up till now , there are at least 3-thousand maoist rebels killed and thousands arrested .
columbia will recruit another one-hundred-fifty-thousand informants for the army
xinhua news agency , bogota , september 9 ( reporter : yin nan ) - martha lucia ramirez , defense minister of columbia , announced on the 9th that columbian government wants to improve the security in antioquia state , which is the home of the country 's second largest city , medellin . the plan is to recruit civilians along the highway linking the capital city of bogota and medellin to establish an informant network .
ramirez told the media about this decision on the same day after the conclusion of a special security meeting in antioquia state presided by president alvaro uribe .
she said the informant network comprises of one-hundred-fifty-thousand people and is responsible for close cooperation with the army . the informants will report any suspicious situations on the highway .
informants will be selected carefully from applicants and their identities are to be kept strictly confidential to outsiders . the government will give rewards to informants that provide usefully intelligence .
she also disclosed that the government would dispatch an additional 3,500 soldiers and 2,000 policemen to antioquia next year .
uribe sworn in as president on august 7 this year and he promised to adopt an " iron fist " approach to crack down illegal armed organizations in columbia . he has announced that columbia is to recruit 1-million informants nationwide to assist the army .
as the first phase of the plan , more than six-hundred civilians have already joined the informant network in valledupar , a northern columbian city .
the antioquia state has most of armed conflicts in columbia . the largest rebels and guerrilla groups , including " revolutionary armed forces of columbia " , " national liberation army " and right-wing paramilitaries etc , are all active in that region .
israel claimed to have eliminated almost all " hamas " militants in west bank
xinhua news agency , washington , september 10 - according to " time " magazine published on the 9th , an official from israeli intelligence said israeli army have already captured or eliminated almost all " hamas " militants in the west bank of jordan river that israel is aware of .
the magazine quoted the words of this israeli official , who said that 70 men or 98% of the " hamas " gunmen known to israel have been killed or captured since march end this year , when israeli army began the military actions known as " operation defensive shield " in the west bank of jordan river .
the official said many members of " hamas " called for a temporary pause in suicide bombing attacks on israeli targets for fears that the organization might be completely wiped out by israeli army .
however , some leaders of " hamas " believed it is more important to tell israel that they will never stop attacks on israel at a time like this .
" time " magazine thought that if the health condition of hamas ' spiritual leader sheikh ahmed yassin deteriorates , such kind of disagreement might trigger a power struggle inside the organization .
it was reported that yassin has been placed under house arrest since june by israeli army . last week , he contacted lung and digestion illnesses and was admitted hospital .
sweden is against extradition of its own nationals suspected of terrorist activities to u.s .
xinhua news agency , stockholm , september 10 - swedish prime minister goran persson said on the 10th that sweden would not consent to u.s . demand to european union ( eu ) nations regarding extradition of their own nationals suspected of terrorist activities to united states .
persson made such an expression when interviewed by the swedish newspaper , " sydsvenska dagbladet " .
he said , " i believe we are completely capable of taking legal actions against those who are suspected of terrorist activities in our own country .
why do we have to hand over swedish nationals ? we do not consent to the demand of extradition . "
persson also said that sweden has signed agreements only with european union member nations , norway and iceland to extradite swedish nationals suspected of serious criminal activities to those countries for trials . there is no plan to widen the scope of such cooperation for the time being .
sweden will not cooperate with u.s . in this respect .
reportedly , u.s . attorney general john ashcroft will propose a new judicial cooperation to eu justice ministers when he attends the meeting of european union justice ministers in copenhagen , capital city of denmark , in coming weekend . denmark is hosting the function as the rotating president nation . one of the sensitive issues would be the u.s . demand to eu nations for extradition of their own nationals suspected of terrorist activities to united states .
chinese navy : officers manning nearly 60,000 technical positions
xinhua news agency , beijing , september 10 ( reporters : chen wanjun , xu feng ) - reporters learned from the related department that navy officers have now taken over all crucial technical positions on board the several hundred advanced warships of the people 's liberation army navy . the ratio of navy officers assigned to these jobs is as high as 70% to 80% , which parallels the level found in the navy of a developed country around the world .
according to introduction , there are over 5900 professional and technical positions in the people 's liberation army navy . the jobs of these crucial technical posts are entrusted to navy officers . they have become direct operators and supervisors of the modern equipment .
navy officers serving on board destroyers , frigates , and submarines have received either advanced education in college or formal professional training . sometimes , training in theory and practical operation of systems starts as early as in the research and development phase of new equipment .
by the time new equipment is delivered and becomes operational , navy officers have already turned ' expert soldiers ' on board the warships .
in the past three years , over 50,000 navy officers have successively received specialized training of various levels in the navy .
navy officers take up their jobs only after trainings turned them into experts that can master the advanced equipment . they become backbone to the formation of combat power through new equipment .
in recent years , over 10,000 navy officers have won championships in different levels of naval technique competitions .
in addition , they continue to innovate in their respective specialization . through small innovations , small inventions , small creations , continuous improvements and technology upgrades for equipment , more than 500 technological innovations have achieved fruitful results .
they have applied their strong technical skills to solve problems encountered during the usage of equipment . many of the breakdowns and repairs should have been fixed by experts , but are often completed by them independently .
navy officers have also compiled their accumulated practical experiences in the usage of new equipment into teaching materials for the use of troops and colleges training .
at present , there are over 300 professional training materials originated from navy officers .
hewitt is coming to shanghai for masters cup 2002
xinhua news agency , shanghai , september 10 ( reporter : liu dan ) - the shanghai organizing committee of atp tennis masters cup 2002 announced today that australian tennis player lleyton hewitt is the first player qualified to play in the shanghai master cups 2002 , a competition to be held at end of this year .
the 21-year old hewitt is the youngest player in history with a number one world ranking at end of year . at present , he has 690 points on the atp championship scoreboard .
he is also the title defender for this year 's tennis masters cup .
hewitt has already won the championship at the first stop of this year 's masters cup series in indianapolis . for the second stop , he entered the semi-finals in miami open .
after a less than satisfactory season in red court matches , hewitt won the wimbledon championship in england , which demonstrated once again to tennis fans his ability to master grass courts .
thereafter , he was one of the last four players in cincinnati and u.s . open .
finally , his 690 points on atp scoreboard rendered hewitt eligible for shanghai masters cup two months ahead of the game .
sino-korean press circles and experts want to strengthen communication and cooperation
xinhua news agency , seoul , september 10 ( reporter : gao haorong ) - press circles and experts of china and south korea said on the 10th in seoul that there are satisfactory developments in various areas of relations between china and south korea since the two countries established a diplomatic relation ten years ago . media has played a promotional role in relation development between the two countries . in future , both sides should continue the efforts to expand communication and cooperation .
the chinese and south korean press circles and experts made the above-mentioned statement during the seminar , ' 10th anniversary of full sino-korean diplomatic relations - - accomplishments and outlook ' , organized jointly by korea press foundation and the xinhua news agency of china .
experts of the two countries unanimously agreed in the seminar that developing sino-korean relations is the common wish of the people in both countries . it conforms to the fundamental interests of the two nations and is also beneficial to peace and development of the region .
press circles of the two countries also expressed their strong desires to expand and intensify communication and cooperation between the two nations .
they said that from now on , media of the two countries should further the overall relations of the two countries . the media have to make comprehensive judgments , take an objective standpoint , and adopt a long-term perspective such as to make greater contributions to the development of a comprehensive sino-korean strategic partnership .
the chinese and south korean press circles and experts also held enthusiastic discussions on special topics like cooperation among countries in east asian region .
participants of this seminar included xinhua news agency vice president ma shengrong , along with experts and reporters from the people 's daily , xinhua news agency , china central television , guang ming daily , beijing youth daily , chinese academy of social sciences , chinese people 's institute of foreign affairs , and chinese academy of international trade and economic cooperation .
korea press foundation used to be the korean news center specialized in promoting communication and cooperation between korean and foreign news organizations .
iraq re-invites us congressmen to visit iraq
xinhua news agency , baghdad , september 10 ( reporter : gu zhenglong ) - iraq 's parliament speaker saadoun hammadi wrote to u.s . house of representatives on the 10th to re-invite u.s . senate and u.s . house of representatives to send a delegation to iraq for a 3-week visit . the delegation can investigate and find out the truth on the spot about the allegation that iraq possesses and produces weapons of mass destruction .
as reported by iraqi news agency , hammadi also enclosed a copy of a letter on august 5 this year inviting u.s . congressmen to visit iraq .
hammadi reiterated that iraqi government would provide each u.s . congressman with every convenience such that they can acquire fruitful results in their on the spot investigation visit .
reportedly , u.s . white house rejected iraq 's invitation of august 5 on the same day .
the white house pointed out that the reason behind iraq 's invitation was to refuge a military attack by united states . if iraq had nothing to hide , they should agree to let the united nations weapons inspectors re-enter iraq immediately .
train derailed in india : 80 killed and may be more
xinhua news agency , new delhi , september 10 ( reporter : bai jingshan ) - a train derailed on the evening of 9th in the state of bihar , india , causing 80 dead and wounding 180 , of whom some are in serious condition .
as reported by the press trust of india , rescue workers have retrieved 67 bodies from the river so far , 13 of the wounded have died in hospital , and the death toll is expected to rise .
an express train traveling from eastern india 's howrah , a sister city of calcutta , to the capital new delhi derailed on a bridge over dhabi river in the state of bihar on the 9th at 10:40 pm local time .
the train consisted of 18 coaches , of which 14 derailed and toppled , with 1 fell into the river .
railway official said there were 528 passengers and some 60 drivers  staffs on board the train .
at the time of the accident , the train was traveling at the normal speed between 120 and 130 kilometers per hour .
u.s . has no proof on iraq 's link to terrorist organizations
xinhua news agency , washington , september 10 ( reporters : tan weibing , yan feng ) - the " washington post " of the 10th quoted a u.s . senior intelligence official , who is familiar with internal discussions of u.s . government , as saying that u.s . still has no solid proof of iraq 's link to international terrorist organizations . this is so even though u.s . central intelligence agency has already tried every possible means to collect and analyze intelligence on iraq .
some senior u.s . government officials accused that iraqi president saddam hussein is associated with members of al-qaeda organization that are currently hiding in northern iraq . they also accused that iraqi intelligence officials have made contacts with mohammed atta , who took part in the september 11 hijacks last year , in prague last april .
hence , u.s . intelligence analysts have then compared photos , analyzed contents of intercepted messages as well as other information supplied by foreign informers . however , they came to a conclusion , which denied the aforesaid accusations .
it was reported that cia 's conclusion has overruled the suggestion of iraqi links with international terrorist organizations . hence , bush administration has to focus on accusing baghdad for attempting to acquire chemical , biological and nuclear weapons .
furthermore , when interviewed by the ' middle east post ' of saudi arabia , u.s . secretary of state colin l . powell also said that u.s . has no proof of iraq playing a part in september 11 terrorist attack .
pentagon orders deployment of surface-to-air missiles around washington
xinhua news agency , september 10 ( reporters : tan xinmu , hu xiaoming ) - u.s . defense secretary donald h . rumsfeld issued orders on the 10th to raise the level of an air defense exercise currently taking place in washington , which means the deployment of low-altitude defense ' stinger ' missiles around washington .
reportedly , this is the first time since the cuban missile crisis in 1961 that u.s . has armed washington district with a missile air defense system .
according to rumsfeld 's order , u.s . military has moved ' stinger ' missiles to positions closed to mobile launchers that have already been deployed . if necessary , the missiles could be quickly loaded . .
' stinger ' missiles are primarily used for low-altitude air defense in battlefront or for defense of important places . the missile can shoot down low-flying aircrafts , helicopters and cruise missiles .
pentagon said in a statement that such action is not directed at any specific threat , but is purely an imperative and prudent precaution .
the ' clear skies ii ' training exercise began on the 9th in washington . according to the original plan by department of defense , only fighter planes and surface-to-air missiles launchers are to be deployed , but no live missiles .
defense department said that this routine training exercise is intended to test military 's capabilities to deal with terrorist attacks from the air .
before rumsfeld made the decision of deploying live missiles , u.s . attorney general john ashcroft told the press that specific intelligence indicating al qaeda is plotting attacks to the u.s . targets situated abroad . hence , u.s . government has decided to raise the nation 's five-point-color-scale alert system from the third level yellow to the fourth level orange .
this level indicates that u.s . is facing a ' pretty high ' risk of terrorist attacks .
on the eve of september 11 anniversary , u.s . has substantially strengthened air defense for washington and new york areas . actually , the defense department has resumed around the clock fighter patrols over washington and new york since the 6th .
uruguay is facing a serious recession
xinhua news agency , montivideo , september 10 ( reporter : hu jikang ) - the central bank of uruguay released a public statement on the 10th which said the gross domestic product of uruguay for the first six months of the year decreased 7.8 percent over same period last year due to regional financial instability .
this is the worst recession that the country has faced in several decades .
the report said there was an obvious economic recession in the first half of this year . apart from a 7.9 percent growth in agriculture and livestock farming , all other trades showed a declining trend - - commerce , construction , manufacturing and transportation decreased by 18.7 percent , 12.6 percent , 11.3 percent and 5.8 percent .
uruguayan government estimates that the gross domestic product in the country will decrease by 11 percent for the whole year and inflation rate is about 40 percent .
due to burdens derived from argentina 's financial crisis , uruguay suffers a prolonged economic recession . there was a serious drain on its foreign exchange reserves and the financial system almost collapsed .
in july , uruguayan government temporarily closed all banks in the country in an emergency measure because of serious runs on the banks .
the uruguayan banking system resumed operations after u.s . and international credit institutions provided the country with supporting finance . the financial market is gradually stabilizing and the country risk factor has gradually decreased from a high of 3099 points to 2042 points .
notwithstanding the assistance , uruguayan government believes it will take several years before the country 's foreign exchange reserve can be restored to its former level . the shadow of a financial crisis is still there and it takes time before the economy can fundamentally improve .
u.s . embassy in cambodia was closed for one day in memory of " 9.11 " anniversary
xinhua news agency , phnom penh , september 11 - u.s . embassy in cambodia was closed on the 11th in memory of " 9.11 " anniversary .
security was strengthened at the embassy as a precaution against any terrorist attack .
" today , the u.s . embassy will be closed for the full day and all offices are not working . the reason is to remember the " 9.11 " terrorist attacks , which took place one year ago , " a staff of the u.s . embassy in cambodia told the reporter of xinhua news agency during a telephone interview .
the local public opinion believed that u.s . embassy in cambodia was temporarily closed as a precaution against any terrorist attack .
in order to prevent possible terrorist attack , related authority in phnom penh has strengthened the security at the embassy from the 10th . more armed security guards were patrolling the surroundings of the embassy around the clock and more stringent traffic controls were implemented .
meanwhile , the city government of phnom penh advised citizens not to wear any clothing with a portrait of bin laden . otherwise , the authority may have to take necessary actions in order to protect the image of cambodian government , which supports the war on terrorism .
cheney said u.s . would adopt all measures to protect u.s . and its allies
xinhua news agency , washington , september 10 - u.s . vice president richard cheney said on the 10th that the war on terrorism has not ended . u.s . will adopt " all necessary actions " to protect itself and its allies against any threat from iraq .
in a recorded speech delivered at the center for strategic and international studies , cheney accused that the iraqi government is busy at refining its chemical and biological weapons and it also has plans to accelerate the development of nuclear weapons . such efforts are posing a great threat to middle east , united states and the world .
he believed that the current u.s . war on terrorism is totally different in nature to the cold war . its opponent is not a country , which increases the difficulty of the fight . should a certain government , which has control of weapons of mass destruction , decide to help terrorists ; then the containment strategy , proved to be useful in the past , will not possibly function .
on september 11 last year , 19 terrorists hijacked four scheduled flights of u.s . airlines to make suicide attacks on new york and washington .
two passenger planes smashed into new york world trade center and caused it to collapse . one plane dashed into the west wing of defense department 's pentagon building in washington . the fourth plane crashed in rural areas in pennsylvania . the events killed more than 2800 people .
philippine president ordered evacuation of filipinos from iraq
xinhua news agency , manila , september 11 ( reporter : xue ying ) - philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo ordered the evacuation of filipinos from iraq on the 11th in order to avoid possible harms to them in event of an u.s . attacks on iraq .
the press release from the president 's office said arroyo ordered the crisis team , made up by foreign affairs and labor department etc . , to coordinate and organize the evacuation of filipinos in iraq .
arroyo also ordered the committee to evaluate when and how to evacuate filipinos in middle east , as well as other impacts to filipinos in event of an u.s . attack on iraq , including effects on oil prices etc .
philippine foreign secretary blas ople said on the 9th that philippine has signed the " u.s . - philippine mutual defense treaty " . hence , when u.s . makes a request , arroyo will agree to allow u.s . to use philippine air space and facilities .
however , arroyo said on the 10th that the philippines do not support any war .
according to reports , there are more than 100 filipinos in iraq at this moment .
u.s . ambassador to germany does not preclude an u.s . only attack on iraq
xinhua news agency , berlin , september 11 - u.s . ambassador to germany daniel coats wrote in his article on 11th that he could not rule out the possibility of an u.s . only military attack on iraq .
coats ' article on the iraq problem was published in a special column in a south germany newspaper on that day . he said u.s . is willing to cooperate with its allies and has already or is in the process of doing so . however , it also exists such a time that " an u.s . alone action is the only way to achieve a certain target " .
" under such a circumstance , we must confirm that our policy is correct and we have already explained to our friends and allies in the most detailed way .
i totally agree military actions should be regarded as the last resort ( to deal with saddam hussein 's regime ) . however , last does not mean non-existing , " coats said .
the german government said many times recently that germany would not participate in any military actions against iraq ; irrespective of whether there is an united nations authorization or not .
recently , german foreign ministry had urgently called in coats and expressed dissatisfaction to his criticism to germany 's stance on the iraq problem .
shenzhen municipal and public service industries are to be opened further to outside interests
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , september 12 ( reporter : he guanghuai ) - shenzhen will adopt the franchise method to attract more capital from the society and overseas to participate in the development and operation of public service industries . this will include sewage water treatment , living garbage treatment , environment  sanitary service and medical garbage processing etc . the objective is to accelerate the migration of municipal and public service industries to a market economy model . the process can also improve the development level of shenzhen as an international city .
in the area of environment and sanitation , the department in charge will delegate or use a tender method to confer the franchisee a right to process the living garbage of the city . the term will be for five years . the franchisee must meet the operation standards set down by the department in charge .
in the medical garbage collection and processing , the environment department will use a public tender process and confers the qualified enterprise a 20-year franchise . the government will offer concessions to the franchisee , including exemption from land usage fees .
shenzhen has taken the lead and opened other public services to outside interests . at present , shenzhen is offering part of the share capital of four state-owned enterprises in energy resources , water supply , gas supply and public transportation to foreign businesses through an international tender process . it has attracted more than 60 enterprises from hong kong , france and england to participate in the competition .
according to the related officials of shenzhen government , the open up of public service industries to foreign businesses facilitates the location of the best strategic partner in the world . shenzhen can draw support from their capital and management experience to accelerate the infrastructure construction in shenzhen city .
taiwan-xinjiang mid-autumn festival long distance race : taipei flag hand over ceremony
xinhua news agency , hong kong , september 12 - according to information from taipei , the taiwan-xinjiang around tian shan mid-autumn festival long distance race will begin on the 16th in urumqi , xinjiang .
hsu heng , an honorary member of international olympic committee , presided today 's flag handing over ceremony in taipei for the taiwan region contestants .
china-taipei contestants are scheduled to depart on the 14th and will come back to taiwan on 24th .
there are 11 athletes taking part in the around tian shan mid-autumn festival long distance race .
xinjiang has also selected 15 outstanding athletes to participate in the event .
the 26 long distance runners will be divided into 5 groups . each group has to run an average of 60 kilometers a day , 128 hours of continued running , in order to complete the 1630 kilometers long run relay .
the 11-member china-taipei team is led by team leader kuan yuan-soon and includes lin tzung-ming , tsai ching-chih , laio pen-ta , cheng chien-chi , wu hung-kang , shiau ping-sen , chen jun-yan , ho shinn-yan , shiau chau-leong and lee shen-chung .
among them , lee shen-chung and shiau ping-sen are already more than 60-year old . shiau chau-leong is taiwan 's famous single-arm long distance runner . chen jun-yan is the current 24-hour super marathon record holder .
joerg haider re-appointed chairman of austria 's freedom party
xinhua news agency , vienna , september 11 , ( reporter : lin chuan ) - the federal council of austria 's freedom party decided on the 11th that former freedom party chairman joerg haider is to take over the office of party chairman again after the resignation of susanne riess-passer .
the federal council of austria 's freedom party made the decision during a council meeting on that day in linz , capital of upper austria .
the struggle inside the freedom party had seriously disturbed the work of the government . hence , party chairwoman and vice chancellor susanne riess-passer quitted her offices in the party and the coalition government on the evening of 8th .
freedom party 's parliamentary speaker peter westenthaler and finance minister karl-heinz grasser were also leaving the government and their party posts together with her .
recently , some austrian regions had the worst floods not seen in a century and freedom party 's federal council decided on august 14 to postpone the government 's tax cuts scheduled to take place next year for one year . however , the move encountered strong opposition from the party 's former chairman haider .
at the beginning of september , the followers of haider collected more than the required number of signatures from party delegates and called for a special party meeting according to party constitution . after that , haider 's followers brought up harsh terms and forced riess-passer to resign .
media here pointed out the resignation of riess-passer and her supporters might cause a great change to the political scene in austria .
if the people 's party in the coalition government does not accept the new ministerial candidates after freedom party 's restructure , the coalition government may end . austria has to call for an early election in november this year .
according to public opinion survey , freedom party 's support rate has dropped from the 26.91 percent in last election to 17 percent . it may become the opposition party after the new election .
india will ensure a smooth election in indian-controlled kashmir
xinhua news agency , new delhi , september 12 - according to a report by the press trust of india , george fernandes , indian defense minister , said on the 12th that indian security forces are fully prepared . hence , india will defeat any conspiracy to disrupt the local election in indian-controlled kashmir .
fernandes said as the region prepares for an election , separatists have also reset their attack targets to candidates .
" the current situation in jammu and kashmir is rather challenging . however , our defense and security troops are ready for any surprised events , " he said .
fernandes also attacked pakistan for trying to disrupt the election to be held on the 16th of this month .
on the other hand , pakistan accused india 's kashmir election as a " farce " , aimed at legalizing india 's ruling over there .
indian police said three muslim militants attempted to attack the police today ( 12th ) and were killed . one indian soldier was killed in a grenade attack the previous evening .
on the 11th , mushtaq ahmad lone , the law minister for the state of jammu-kashmir , was killed in an attack . he was the second candidate killed since the campaign began last month .
on the 12th , lone 's funeral ceremony was once again interrupted by gunfire and explosion in nearby areas . about two-thousand people attending the funeral ceremony were scared to death by sounds of explosions .
mexico : excellent achievement in the anti-drug war
mexico is adjacent to the united states , the largest drug consuming country in the world .
as international drug trafficking clans have taken mexico as a point they must pass through , as well as a transshipment center , when they ship their drugs from south america areas etc . to the united states . hence , drug trafficking activities by land , sea and air are running wild .
in the past few years , mexican government implemented a plan to severely crackdown drug crimes .
the army and the police have set up many posts along highways leading to northern mexico . from time to time , they waive flags to motorists as a signal to stop for inspection ; in harbors and wharfs , anti-drug officers made up of members from the navy , army and the policemen attached to chief procurator 's office inspect all kinds of cars and passengers ' luggage .
specially trained army dogs patrol to and fro between passengers and luggage . upon order by anti-drug officers , dogs will search travelers from head-to-toe and even shoes will not be easily let go .
in recent years , mexico 's anti-drug troops have added advanced helicopters , speedboats , radars , aerial pre-warning equipment as well as computer controlled mobile monitor and analyzing equipment .
the interior ministry , defense ministry , navy and procurator 's office have strengthened their coordination . the four major government departments now exchange intelligence and track down drug trafficking clans together . they are also launching joint anti-drug actions and are " blocking " major drug trafficking routes , including major passageways in the southern border areas , the pacific coast and international airports . they are determined to strike out criminal activities by drug trafficking clans .
omar vowed a come back in afghanistan
xinhua news agency , abu dhabi , september 12 - according to a report by qatar 's " al-jazeera " television on the 12th , taleban leader mullah mohammed omar released a statement on the 11th in which he said taleban style of governing will make a come back in afghanistan after the pullout of u.s . troops .
the " al-jazeera " television broadcasted on the 12th the content of an arabic statement said to be made by omar .
the statement first appeared in a web site on the 12th . it was dated september 11 , that is , the first anniversary date of the " 9.11 " . however , the statement does not look too clear .
the " al-jazeera " television said during a news program that omar vowed in his statement to continue the holy war and he is not afraid of bush or any u.s . threat .
an official of the television station said the statement was faxed to the station .
when compared with statements previously made by taleban , the fax statement appears to be genuine .
u.s . launched military actions in afghanistan after the " 9.11 " incident and toppled the taleban regime . however , u.s . has failed to locate the whereabouts of osama bin laden and mullah mohammed omar .
hamid karzai , president of the transitional government of afghanistan , also said before that he believed omar is still alive .
u.s . plans to build a naval base in west africa
xinhua news agency , washington , september 12 - according to media report here , u.s . is planning to build a naval base in the oil rich west africa such that u.s . strategic interest can be protected .
the report said u.s . president bush would hold meetings with at least 9 west and central africa leaders on the 13th , including fradique de menezes , president of west africa island nation of sao tome and principe .
menezes announced on august 22 that sao tome and principe has reached an agreement with united states for the construction of a u.s . naval base .
since the " 9.11 " terrorists attacks , u.s . has been increasingly worry about the oil supply from middle east and central asia regions .
u.s . congress , state department and oil companies have proposed to build a naval base in west africa long time ago . the purpose is to protect u.s . interests in that region .
at present , west africa 's oil supply to united states is close to that from saudi arabia , which is about 15% .
according to estimation by u.s . national intelligence council , the west africa region will supply 25 percent of all oil imported by united states by 2015 , which is more than that from the whole gulf region .
china 's international friendship cities have reached 1100 pairs
xinhua news agency , dalian , september 13 ( reporter : zhao hua ) - chen haosu , head of the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries said today that china 's international friendship cities have exceeded 1100 pairs .
in a forum in the 2002 china dalian international friendship cities conference , chen haosu said china started to build up international friendship cities since 1973 . at present , there are more than 200 cities in china , which have established a friendship relation with other cities in the 108 countries around the world 's five continents .
the cooperation between friendship cities is expanding everyday and also in more innovative ways .
he said activities to develop friendship cities and the enhancement of cooperation between friendship cities have brought benefits to city development in many ways . this kind of cooperation is for mutual benefits and hence will win two-way rewards .
chen haosu said there are not so many friendship cities for provinces in western china in the past . in future , the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries will help more western cities to establish friendship city relations with cities abroad .
israeli youths refuse to become an " occupying army "
xinhua news agency , jerusalem , september 17 - more than 200 israeli youths drafted into the army made a petition on the 17th , which said they refused to serve in an " occupying army " .
the petition has been submitted to israeli prime minister ariel sharon , defense minister binyamin ben-eliezer and education minister limor livnat .
according to reports , the 213 jewish youths said in their petition , " we refuse to become soldiers of an occupying army " .
they accused israel of " committing war crimes and violating human rights " in the occupied palestinian territories . they will use different methods to refuse to fight inside the occupied palestinian lands .
" occupying is not only immoral , but it will destroy our safety when pushing palestinians to hopelessness , thus provoking terrorism , " they said .
in addition , another 483 israeli reserve soldiers and officers had also signed a " refusal petition " . they said they would not fight in the occupied areas .
among them , eight of the petitioners appealed to the supreme court on september 4 . they are asking the court to rule the occupation illegal .
the chief procurator is submitting to court that their refusal to serve is illegal .
israeli army is adopting a harder stance against soldiers refusing to serve . several dozens of petitioners , who signed either one of the two petitions , have been sentenced to jail for two to four weeks for refusal to serve . another five of them are currently attending a hearing .
banks in guangdong say " no " to new bad loans
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , april 1 ( reporter huang mei ) the banking community in guangdong has adopted resolute measures to say " no " to new bad loans .
on april 1 , construction bank , guangdong branch will monitor the quality of personal mortgage loans , personal consumer loans and corporate real estate loans every ten days and " call for the suspension " of any branch office 's right to operate new loan accounts if its ratio of new bad loans exceeds the bottom line .
as introduced by the relevant person in charge of construction bank , guangdong branch , grassroots banks have been perpetually driven by an irrational impetus to make loans .
in the course of development it is not uncommon to emphasize speed over quality , and scale over returns , which actually gives rise to the abnormal situation where non-performing assets " pop up despite efforts to push them down . "
in order to guide the grassroots banks in properly coping with the keen competition from their peers , construction bank , guangdong branch will suspend the right to operate new loan accounts of any branch office whose ratio of bad loans exceeds the bottom line .
on february 26 , the branch " called for the suspension " of the personal mortgage loan operation of the branch offices whose ratios of new bad loans exceeded the alert line ; on march 3 , " called for the suspension " of the personal consumer loan operation of the branch offices whose ratios of new bad loans exceeded the alert line ; and on march 5 , " called for the suspension " of the corporate real estate loan operation of the branch offices whose ratios of new bad loans exceeded the alert line .
in less than ten days , nearly 20 second-level branch offices were affected .
construction bank , guangdong branch ordered the suspended institutions to conduct a serious review and find out where problems are . they are to come up with specific measures to resolve bad loans on an individual customer basis and step up their efforts to cut down bad loans so as to shrink the ratios of bad loans as soon as possible within the limits set forth by the head office of the bank .
in the meantime , in order to stem the increase of bad loans and ensure the quality of new loans , construction bank , guangdong branch will monitor the quality of personal mortgage loans , personal consumer loans and corporate real estate loans every ten days and will exercise a dynamic control of the entry into the business market of the above three types of loans starting on the 1st .
china 's first sexual science and health education base established in lanzhou , gansu
xinhua news agency , lanzhou , april 2 ( reporter nie jianjiang ) gansu 's consultation station on aids and std education and prevention was recently established in lanzhou .
as introduced by professor shi chengli , a renowned chinese sexologist , at present this is china 's first sexual science and health education base .
in the office hall of the consultation station located in downtown lanzhou , the reporter saw many illustrated posters about sexual knowledge on the wall . as soon as the station opened in the morning , people started to stream in for a visit or consultation . among them were young people , middle-aged people , and children brought in by their parents . all their questions were satisfactorily answered .
a staff member at the consultation station said that those who came for consultations were pretty poised , not as shy as they thought .
zhuang yan , who heads the consultation station , told the reporter that the main task of the sexual science and health education base is to clarify sexual psychological confusion and disseminate sexual knowledge .
sex education for children and teenagers , psychological counseling on love , sexual guidance for married couples , sexual health consultation and treatment for the sick and the handicapped , sexual care for the aged , knowledge about std and aids prevention and so on can all be obtained at the station .
zhuang yan said that as the society progresses , the chinese people have come to face many problems involving sex . increasing problems and phenomenons of the spread of std and aids , early love among teenagers , and premarital sex all indicate the urgency of popularizing sexual knowledge .
healthy sex education has always had a good foundation in lanzhou .
in july 2002 the family planning commission of gansu province and the reproductive healthcare institute of gansu province jointly invited liu dalin , a prominent sexologist in china and director of china 's ancient sex culture museum , to hold a sex culture exhibition in lanzhou which was warmly welcomed by local residents .
experts think that lanzhou people are not conservative and backward in their view on sex thanks to the rich sex culture resources in the northwest region . their cultural heritage allows them to talk about sex without feeling embarrassed .
( international ) situation in western sudan is dire , says un deputy secretary general
xinhua news agency , un , april 2 ( reporter yang zhiwang ) jan egeland , un deputy secretary general for the coordination of humanitarian aid affairs , said to the press at the un headquarters in new york on the 2nd that the arab militias in the darfur region of western sudan are conducting an organized ethnic cleansing against the blacks in that region where the humanitarian situation is dire .
egeland said he did n't think the ethnic cleansing in darfur region was directed by the sudanese government but the sudanese government failed to effectively stop the ethnic cleansing .
he said the arab militias are implementing a scorched-earth policy in darfur by deliberately destroying basic facilities such as schools and wells and making many villages and towns uninhabitable .
this organized cleansing has forced thousands of indigenous blacks to flee their homes , causing a serious humanitarian crisis .
he called for the international community to immediately take measures to stop this ethnic cleansing .
earlier egeland reported the latest developments in darfur region to the un security council .
the security council responded by issuing a chairman 's statement which expressed deep concerns about the humanitarian crisis in darfur region and called for the sudanese government and the anti-government armed forces in the region to take measures to protect the safety of civilians .
the statement also urged both parties of the conflict to reach a cease-fire agreement as soon as possible under the mediation of the international community .
the armed conflict in darfur region started in february last year .
at that time , two organizations , the sudanese liberation movement and the justice and equality movement , launched an armed fight against the sudanese government for reasons that the government neglected the development of that region and supported the arab militias .
the conflict worsened the humanitarian situation in the region and tremendously strained the relations between arabs and blacks there .
( international ) us calls for international investigation into violence in cote d'ivoire
xinhua news agency , abidjan , april 2 ( reporters liu shaoping and li ming ) on the 2nd , the us government called for an immediate international investigation into the violence that took place recently in abidjan , economic capital of cote d'ivoire , and urged all parties involved in cote d'ivoire to resolve the issue through negotiations with the government .
in a communique issued on the same day , the us embassy in cote d'ivoire said that the us government is " particularly disturbed " by the casualties caused by the violence in abidjan last week because many people reportedly did not die from the confrontation of the street demonstration but were " summarily executed " in the following days .
some groups committed violence against persons and property and spread fear and hatred but with impunity .
the us government deplores that and feels deeply disturbed by what some militia groups have done .
the communique said the social and political life in cote d'ivoire has suffered as a result of disobeying the law .
the us government called on the government of cote d'ivoire to stop the violence and activities of these groups and requested all parties involved to resolve the issue through negotiations with the government and to bring cote d'ivoire back to the road to national reconciliation and peace .
on march 25 , a number of parties in cote d'ivoire staged a large-scale demonstration march in abidjan in spite of the official ban , demanding for full implementation of the marcoussis agreement signed by major parties of cote d'ivoire in france in january last year .
demonstrators had a violent clash with the security forces , resulting in heavy casualties .
following the incident , the rally of republicans in cote d'ivoire and other opposition armed forces totaling six parties made a succession of announcements to discontinue their participation in the government .
prior to that , the democratic party , the former ruling party in cote d'ivoire , had already made the announcement to discontinue participating in the government .
gbagbo , president of cote d'ivoire , prime minister diarra , the parties that organized the demonstration march , and the supervisory committee of peace agreement in cote d'ivoire all demanded that a national commission of inquiry be set up to thoroughly investigate the violence .
the un secretary general annan has already agreed that the united nations will form an international commission to launch a full-scale investigation into the bloody incident .
lhasa welcomes spring snow
xinhua news agency , lhasa , april 3 ( reporter duo ma duo ji ) closely following the rainfall on the evening of the 2nd , a spring snow started to fall over lhasa on the morning of the 3rd . at the square of the potala palace , the reporter saw the snowfall had drawn crowds of photography enthusiasts . some of domestic and foreign tourists , stunned by this rarely seen plateau scene , could not help but push the camera button . . .
chen weidong , a tourist from zhejiang , said : " i have rarely seen any snow , especially in early spring . this is truly a natural wonder . "
he xiaohong , a senior engineer with the autonomous region 's meteorological bureau , said such weather phenomenon was formed due to a recent significant cold air current coming southward down from the north of the qinghai-tibet plateau . when it merged with the warm northward up current from the indian ocean between the mount nyainqentanglha and the himalayas , rain or sleet was formed .
she said the reason why rain and snow alternated was that the ground temperature in lhasa recently fluctuated around zero degrees celsius . rain was formed when the cold current from high above merged with the ground air that was above zero degrees celsius , otherwise snow would be formed instead .
whether it rained or snowed , it was a great blessing to herdsmen on the plateau .
he xiaohong said now that spring sowing is underway on the plateau , such weather adds greatly to the soil moisture and also helps turn the pasture green .
meanwhile , in the city , except for the need to guard against a greater susceptibility to catching a cold due to the drop in temperature , people felt very comfortable as such weather increased the humidity and purified the urban air , with its benefit outweighing discomfort .
sources said the snowy weather in lhasa on the 3rd will continue through tomorrow , while the rainfall on the 3rd in linzhi area in eastern tibet has ushered in the rainy season in eastern tibet . sleet is also expected on the tibetan plateau in the coming days .
over 2 million soldiers and civilians in beijing volunteer in adding new greenery
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 3 ( reporter liu puquan ) as spring returns to earth , poplar and willow trees start to turn green .
on the 3rd , beijing ushered in its 20th city-wide voluntary tree-planting day .
early in the morning , soldiers and civilians in and near beijing came out of their homes to prepare the land , dig holes , carry and pour buckets of water as they volunteered in tree-planting , forest preservation , flower and grass planting to add new greenery to the capital .
according to the statistics of the capital 's office of afforestation commission , more than 2-million people participated in the capital 's voluntary tree-planting event on the very day of the 3rd by digging holes , planting trees , delivering saplings , watering , applying fertilizer and pesticide , whitewashing , cleaning green space , selling flowers and bushes , doing promotional and consulting activities , etc . more than 3-million trees were planted , 4.07-million trees were serviced , and 5.52-million square meters of green space were cleaned .
since 1985 beijing municipality has designated the first weekend day of april each year as the city-wide voluntary tree-planting day in the capital .
each time when the day comes , soldiers and civilians in and near beijing voluntarily participate in various kinds of afforestation and beautification activities . the city-wide voluntary tree-planting day in the capital has become a major festival in enlisting the efforts of the entire metropolitan population to add greenery to the capital and beautify their hometown .
in the opinion of song xiyou , director of the capital 's office of afforestation commission , observing the city-wide voluntary tree-planting day has increased civic awareness of afforestation , ecology and environment , and promoted the implementation of the capital 's afforestation and beautification programs .
since the standing committee of the national people 's congress made the " resolution on launching a national voluntary tree-planting campaign , " soldiers and civilians in the capital have voluntarily planted a total of 142-million trees , of which 126-million took root , a survival rate of 88% .
sources said beijing municipality plans to complete an afforestation project of 34,700 hectares this year , which will increase the forest coverage from 47.5% at the end of last year to 49% and the green space per capita in the urban area from 44 square meters to 45 square meters .
tianjin invests 500 million in building largest tcm hospital in asia
xinhua news agency , tianjin , april 5 ( wu qiaojun ) the first affiliated hospital of tianjin college of traditional chinese medicine recently held a signing ceremony with tianjin enhui venture capital co . , ltd . for the joint venture of building tianjin traditional chinese medicine center .
under the agreement , the two parties shall invest 500-million yuan in a period of three years in renovating and expanding tctcm 's first affiliated hospital .
by the end of that period , tctcm 's first affiliated hospital will have become the largest tcm hospital in asia that integrates tcm treatment , research and teaching .
tctcm 's first affiliated hospital , a provincial demonstrative hospital with prominent tcm features in china , is one of the three major medical centers tianjin municipal government has designated for planned construction .
the acupuncture department of the hospital is a key program by the national ministry of education and tianjin municipality with world-leading expertise and its departments of pediatrics , oncology , and cardiology enjoy good reputation in china .
with an annul out-patient volume of over 1-million visits for many years , the hospital currently has more than 1,700 beds .
sources said that upon the completion of tianjin tcm center , the building area of tctcm 's first affiliated hospital will be nearly doubled and the number of beds will also be increased by almost 1,000 .
while stepping up the construction of the infrastructure of the hospital , tctcm 's first affiliated hospital is also strengthening its talent training . at present , the hospital is focused on training disciplinary leaders , reinforcing the disciplinary team build-up , and maximizing and enhancing the clinical tcm therapeutic effect so as to turn the hospital into an important base for tcm treatment , research and teaching in the country .
sources said tianjin enhui venture capital co . , ltd . is a company established in china by us charity agencies . in addition to funding the construction of tianjin tcm center , they will also provide us $ 30-million worth of medical equipment free of charge upon the completion of the center .
party " chief executives " at municipal department level in sichuan on the ballot of provincial committee plenary
xinhua news agency , chengdu , april 5 ( reporter zhang wei ) the ccp sichuan provincial committee recently decided that the provincial standing committee should always vote by ballot when it meets to pick the cadres under its supervision . intended and recommended candidates for leadership teams at the levels of municipal ( prefecture ) party committees , government and provincial departments and bureaus should be discussed and approved at the provincial standing committee 's meeting before their nominations are submitted for review and vote by ballot at the provincial committee 's plenary .
the establishment and implementation of this system marks the ballot system as the basic system by which sichuan provincial committee discusses and decides the appointment or removal of cadres . this allows the full operation of the cadre selection mechanism at provincial , municipal and county levels in sichuan through which the party standing committee decides the appointment or removal of cadres by ballot and the plenary decides the appointment or removal of chief cadres by vote .
( entertainment hotline ) japan 's biggest advertising company taps chinese movie industry
xinhua news agency , shanghai , april 5 ( reporter sun liping ) on the 5th , japan 's biggest advertising company dentsu group and shanghai film group announced their strategic collaboration to promote the entry of chinese domestic movies into the international market .
shanghai film group and beijing dentsu advertising co . , ltd . have jointly invested in establishing " sfs-dentsu media &amp; amp ; entertainment co . , ltd . "
the company will be engaged in movie and television business including the exchange of movies and tv programs , training of performing staff and the production of animated cartoons .
founded in 1901 , japan dentsu advertising co . has more than 3,000 clients worldwide and is not only the biggest advertising company in japan but also one of the largest advertising companies in the world .
since 1947 , japan dentsu has held its annual " japan dentsu award , " which has become the highest-ranking award in advertising in japan .
on the ranking of world advertising companies in 2000 released by the us professional advertising magazine " advertising age , " japan dentzu topped the list with its profit of us $ 2.432-billion and revenue of us $ 16.507-billion .
shanghai film group president ren zhonglun said the biggest japanese advertising company will try its best to " cry out " for the entry of chinese domestic movies into the international market .
with the strong support of japan dentzu 's international brand name and network resources , the movie industry in shanghai is expected to accelerate its international entry .
" shanghai will adopt an open stance to reinvent itself as the center of chinese movie and culture . "
he added that shanghai film group also plans to introduce more japanese animated cartoons through this collaboration to make up for the inadequate production capacity of domestic cartoons .
the state administration of radio , film and television has recently approved the establishment of the nation 's first cartoon tv channel in shanghai , which is currently under intensive preparation .
shanghai film group is the parent company of shanghai animation film studio , a key cartoon producer , and owns lianhe movie theater chain , the largest movie theater distributor in the country with over one-sixth share of the box office nationwide .
( international ) strong earthquake hits northeastern afghanistan
xinhua news agency , kabul , april 6 ( reporter wang jun ) on the early morning of the 6th , a strong earthquake ranging from 6.6 to 6.8 on the richter scale hit the northeastern province of badakhshan in afghanistan .
so far there has been no report about the casualties and property damages due to the extreme inaccessibility of transportation and communication to the earthquake-stricken area .
the earthquake took place at 2:24 a.m . and lasted nearly one minute .
the impact was strongly felt in the capital kabul where buildings and things inside were shaken continuously .
many people were awoken from their dream . some even dashed outside to gather on the streets in an attempt to avoid possible collapse of the buildings .
according to the measurements of the us earthquake agencies and the pakistani earthquake station network , the epicenter of the earthquake was in the province of badakhshan bordering china , pakistan and tajikistan , about 275 km from the capital kabul . the magnitude was between 6.6 and 6.8 on the richter scale .
according to the statistics of seismologists , any earthquake of a magnitude above 5 on the richter scale is strong enough to cause serious property damages .
since the earthquake took place in the mountain areas where houses of local residents were mostly simple structures of clay bricks , relevant sources estimated there would be some casualties and property damages .
afghan presidential spokesman ludin said that due to extreme inaccessibility of transportation and communication to the local areas it is very challenging to carry out emergency aid and relief work .
it would take days of trekking for rescue workers to get to the disaster-hit areas .
the northern part of afghanistan is an earthquake-prone area .
the area was hit by two strong earthquakes in 1998 and 2002 , which killed a total of nearly 6,000 people and destroyed numerous homes .
on february 13 this year , an earthquake measuring 5.7 degree again hit this area . at least 24 people were killed and hundreds of buildings collapsed .
shanghai port imports nearly us $ 100,000 of duty-free commodities daily from hong kong
xinhua news agency , shanghai , april 6 ( wu yu and sun qun ) since the formal implementation of the mainland and hong kong closer economic partnership arrangement ( abbreviated to " cepa " ) on january 1 this year , shanghai port has been importing nearly us $ 100,000 of duty-free commodities daily from hong kong .
according to statistics , from january to the end of march shanghai customs examined and released a total of 73 batches of commodities that enjoyed zero-tariff status thanks to their certificates of hong kong origin . the total value of the commodities amounted to us $ 8.9764-million and the duty exempt was 4.9387-million yuan .
the statistics show that since march , there has been a gradual increase in the variety and number of the commodities under " cepa " that are coming to shanghai . in addition to color master batches , drugs and garments , new arrivals include carbon black , polystyrene , aluminum products , chemical addictives with a dramatic surge in the number of drugs and garments .
in march shanghai port imported a total of 47 batches of " cepa " commodities worth us $ 5.3374-million .
among them were 3.6255-million boxes of drugs ( mainly amoxicillin and flucloxacillin capsules ) worth us $ 4.1046-million and over 11,000 garments worth us $ 384,900 , up 31% and eightfold respectively in quantity over february . the fashionably-designed , high quality and moderately priced hong kong products are establishing their presence in the daily life of ordinary people in shanghai .
according to wusong customs , which processes the customs clearance for most of the " cepa " commodities at shanghai port , shanghai customs has adhered to the two " assurances " in their treatment of hong kong commodities , that is , to ensure that the policy of preferential tariff is enjoyed by authentic " cepa " commodities and to ensure a controlled yet fast customs clearance of " cepa " commodities .
( international ) chinese economic association ( uk ) hosts conference on china 's economy
xinhua news agency , london , april 5 ( reporter liu guishan ) the chinese economic association ( uk ) held its annual conference here on the 5th to exchange views on china 's economic progresses , potential for development and current challenges and to contribute ideas and stratagies for the growing development of china 's economy in the globalization and for the improvement of all kinds of reforms .
at the conference , prof . yu yongding , director of the research institute for world economics and politics of chinese academy of social sciences , gave an introduction of the progresses brought forth by china 's various economic policies , the factors driving robust investments , the repeated growth of corporate profits , etc . and the major viewpoints on china 's economic growth .
at the same time , he also mentioned a host of challenges facing china 's economic and social development such as the issue of improving financial operations and the issue of employment situation in the urbanization of rural population .
zha peixin , chinese ambassador to britain , focused his talk on china 's concepts of scientific development including those of sustainable development and recycling economy and on the positive role of china 's economic development in the global peace and stability and common prosperity .
prof . story from european institute of business administration said that china is speeding up its integration with the global economic system in a transition toward economic diversity . its improving market economy , nice peripheral environment , and well-accepted policies all provide good conditions for further and accelerated growth of china 's economy .
the two-day conference was attended by more than 400 overseas chinese scholars in britain who are interested in the economic development of their motherland , the chinese faculties in british colleges and representatives of overseas chinese students .
during the conference , delegates will also hold group studies and discussions on more than 50 topics such as the positive significance of china 's economic growth to the development of eastern asian countries , the regional development in china and china 's agriculture in the new era .
hong kong businessman sentenced to death for kidnapping and murder
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , april 8 ( li nanling and wang huabing ) on the morning of april 8 , shenzhen municipal intermediate people 's court , in accordance with an order of execution verified and issued by the supreme people 's court , held a meeting to publicly announce and carry out the death sentence of the criminal wang haibin ( a hong kong resident ) , who committed kidnapping for ransom .
the convicted kidnapper wang haibin was a hong kong businessman . on february 19 , 1995 , wang haibin , gathering xu , lu and bao , went to shenzhen sunshine hotel and kidnapped cai , a chinese-filipino , to the seascape garden in an overseas chinese community in shenzhen , causing cai 's death in the course of kidnapping .
wang haibin instructed to have the body dismembered before it was buried and called the cai family , demanding 2-million hong kong dollars .
at the end of february of the same year , wang haibin and others fled to shanghai and continued to demand the ransom via telephone . the blackmailing was unsuccessful because the cai family insisted hearing cai 's voice before delivering any money .
wang haibin continued to run and hide out until november 2000 when he was captured to face his charges .
the court trial held that the criminal wang haibin organized a kidnapping for ransom and caused the victim 's death . since his action constituted a crime of adduction committed in a vicious manner and resulting in a serious consequence , he should be punished with due severity by law .
in accordance with the law , shenzhen municipal intermediate court sentenced the criminal wang haibin to death , permanently deprived him of his political rights and ordered confiscation of all his personal properties .
after the sentence was announced , wang haibin did not accept it and filed an appeal .
after its final review , the superior people 's court of guangdong province ruled to reject the appeal and uphold the original sentence . in accordance with the law , the supreme people 's court verified and approved the death sentence of the criminal wang haibin and the permanent deprivation of his political rights , ordering shenzhen municipal intermediate people 's court to carry out the execution .
on the 8th in the city of shenzhen , shenzhen municipal intermediate people 's court had the criminal wang haibin positively identified and taken to the execution ground to carry out the death sentence .
( international ) 9  11 investigation commission calls for white house to release document on bin laden
xinhua news agency , washington , april 8 ( reporters pan yunzhao and tan xinmu ) on the 8th , the us independent commission investigating the 9  11 attacks asked the bush administration to declassify and release an intelligence document on bin laden .
the document dated august 6 , 2001 was entitled " bin laden determined to strike in the united states " and was part of " presidential daily briefing . "
" presidential daily briefing " is a classified document about the global terrorist threats provided to the president every morning by the us intelligence and law enforcement agencies .
kean , the chairman of the investigation commission , said the commission members have read the document but still hoped to release the document publicly because the commission considered it very important for the american people to have the chance to read this document .
he said the commission hopes to get a response from white house before the 10th public hearing starts on the 13th .
rice , the us president 's national security adviser , said during her testimony at the public hearing held by the investigation commission on the 8th that it was an exception to allow the commission members to come in contact with the " presidential daily briefing " but she did not explain whether this document should be released publicly .
the 9  11 investigation commission will also hold three public hearings and question behind the closed door president bush and vice president cheney , along with former president clinton and vice president gore .
the independent commission investigating the 9  11 attacks was established at the end of 2002 and is responsible for investigating such issues as the us diplomacy , intelligence , immigration , commercial aviation and the fund circulation of terrorist organizations before and after the 9  11 attacks .
as planned , the commission must complete the final investigation report by late july .
( international ) popular science : " bond " between human and cat dates back nearly 10,000 years
xinhua news agency , paris , april 8 ( reporter yang jun ) french archaeologists found the remaining bones of a cat buried together with the owner of a tomb in an ancient burial in cyprus .
experts said this ancient burial dates back over 9,000 years .
therefore there are reasons to believe that the history of cat domestication by humans dates back nearly 10,000 years .
the french archaeologist vigne , who discovered this burial , and his research team said in an article published in the recent issue of the journal " science " that their excavation of the tomb shows humans and cats already had very close relationship during that time .
the remaining bones of this cat were right alongside those of the owner of the tomb .
it was not butchered but buried in whole in " ways " that resembled those of human burials .
this showed its importance to the owner .
the archaeologists also discovered that the cat , slightly larger than modern domestic cats , belonged to a species that had just been tamed .
scientists said that the remains of cat bones were discovered in some ancient tombs in cyprus as early as the 1980s .
the most ancient burial found at that time dates back 8,000 years , far earlier than the time of the ancient tombs discovered in egypt that had cats buried inside .
until now people have believed that cats were first domesticated by ancient egyptians between the 20th century b.c . to the 19th century b.c .
cyprus is far away from the three continents of europe , asia and africa , and furthermore cats are not native to the island .
scientists speculated that the cats there were intentionally transported from the mainland .
therefore , domestication of cats may have started even earlier .
wild cats might be gradually domesticated in the initial development of human agriculture and farming .
that stage began in western asia about 11,000 to 10,000 years ago .
the discovery of the joint burial of human and cat in cyprus can basically prove that the " bond " between human and cat dates back nearly 10,000 years .
( shanghai business news ) recovery of convention and exhibition market in shanghai going strong while convention and exhibition professionals are running short
xinhua news agency , shanghai , april 10 ( zhang jiansong and hua linglei ) with the effective control of sars epidemic and the relative stabilization of the international situation , the recovery of convention and exhibition market in shanghai is going strong .
according to incomplete statistics of shanghai 's five large exhibition halls and international convention centers , a total of 68 international exhibitions were hosted in shanghai in the first quarter of this year , up 30% from the same period last year .
shanghai new international expo centre located in pudong , shanghai has been fully booked for the " golden time " of spring and fall this year . shanghai world tourism resources expo and shanghai hotel supplies expo among others hosted here in the first quarter won the favor of people in the industry .
since this year , a host of international conventions have relocated en masse to shanghai .
the 60th annual session of the un economic and social commission for asia and the pacific is scheduled to be held in shanghai international convention center from april 20 to april 28 . the 83rd annual session of the international textile institute , world bank international poverty conference , and harvard business school alumni convention are also going to be held in shanghai in may and june .
in the latter half of the year shanghai will host an even greater succession of international conventions , including intercem conference , the 55th annual session of the world health organization regional committee for the western pacific , international bridge conference , international purchasing conference , the second shanghai international library forum , the 15th conference of the association of the electricity supply industry of east asia and western pacific , and the 2nd world engineers convention .
the strong recovery of convention and exhibition market in shanghai will also broaden the gap between supply and demand for convention and exhibition professionals .
sources in the industry said there are fewer than 50 experienced senior project managers in the convention and exhibition industry in shanghai , a far cry from the demand of 80 to 90 professionals commonly needed for hosting a large-scale international convention .
experts think if 300 conventions and exhibitions are held in shanghai each year , the existing human resources in convention and exhibition operation and management , advertising and logistics can only meet 30% of the market need .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) dispute over taiwan 's election continues as 300,000 people re-congregate to " fight for truth "
xinhua news agency , taipei , april 10 ( reporters fan liqing and li kai ) on the 10th , 300,000 taiwanese people re-congregated along the streets and places surrounding the office building of taiwan government leaders in a protest against the unfairness of the election and the unexplained truth of the " shooting incident . "
the protest rally organized by the kmt-pfp coalition officially kicked off at 2:00 p.m . amid highly charged enthusiasm and incessant shouting of slogans by crowd of people .
the major organizer announced that more than 300,000 people participated in the rally .
the kmt chairman lien chan and the pfp chairman james soong arrived at the rally at around 4:00 p.m . and took turns giving their speeches .
lien chan said : " the power obtained through unfair and unjust procedures and despicable means can never be acknowledged .
whatever that has been done in the dark must be brought into daylight . "
lien chan and james soong demanded again that taiwan authorities establish an independent investigation commission as soon as possible to release the " truth about the shooting of chen shui-bian and annette lu . "
" to establish a special commission investigating the truth of the shooting incident " is a major petition made by the kmt-pfp coalition in response to " heavy doubts surrounding the shooting incident " and " the seriously influenced election result " but there has been no response from chen shui-bian .
on the very day , the police placed layers of iron fences , water-spraying trucks , traffic barriers , and police cars ready for taking orders in front of the office building of taiwan government leaders . thousands of police officers were mobilized .
after the protest rally , some people got very emotional and kept crashing against the blockade while the police dispersed the crowd with high pressure water hoses .
crowds of people are still facing off the police as the reporter is sending this news .
jiangsu sees accelerated internationalization of domestic-funded enterprises
xinhua news agency , nanjing , april 11 ( reporter zhou fang ) domestic-funded enterprises , private enterprises in particular , are becoming new forces to the growth of overseas-oriented economy in jiangsu province as domestic-funded enterprises have increasingly shown the tendency toward internationalization .
since 2003 , the number of enterprises newly authorized to operate imports and exports business in jiangsu has skyrocketed . accounting for 89% of the total number , private enterprises have constituted the bulk of applicants for the right to operate imports and exports business in jiangsu province .
exports by private enterprises have also maintained their high rate of growth with monthly increases consistently exceeding 100% .
these domestic-funded enterprises were evolved from village and township enterprises .
in recent years the progress in technology and the reform in the system have accelerated the division and consolidation of village and township enterprises in jiangsu , allowing a number of them to grow into enterprises with relatively large scale and impact as they continue to broaden their markets . some enterprises took a new direction and became component producers for large multinationals while others devoted themselves to providing supplies to international distributors .
but no matter what direction of development they took , domestic-funded enterprises in jiangsu province have generally demonstrated a relatively strong power in developing the international market .
domestic-funded enterprises in jiangsu province have also been reaching the international market in other ways .
the statistics of the relevant departments show that in 2003 jiangsu province ranked the first in the country for the third straight year in the volume of newly-signed foreign labor and engineering project contracts , the completed business volume , and the number of laborers newly-sent and laborers abroad at the year-end .
as over 45% of the foreign-invested enterprises are founded by local people , civilian-run enterprises are becoming an emerging force for foreign investments .
however , the overseas-oriented operation of domestic-funded enterprises is currently still focused on the low-end of the international market .
98% of enterprises in jiangsu province are small and medium sized with a relatively weak capability for proprietary technological innovation . they are also restricted by various factors such as their management expertise and composition of talent . their current competitive edge mainly relies on the advantage of imported equipment from abroad and cheap cost of labor .
shanghai to set up corporate safety credit record
xinhua news agency , shanghai , april 14 ( reporter feng yuan ) shanghai will take two years to set up a preliminary corporate safety credit system to build safety records for corporations .
the news was disclosed on the 13th by tang dengjie , shanghai 's vice mayor , during his briefing to the standing committee of shanghai municipal people 's congress .
tang dengjie said the corporate safety credit record will be under classified supervision .
for those corporations with poor safety credit , frequent accidents and serious hidden hazards , the public security , safety supervision , technology supervision , maritime , industry and commerce agencies will take comprehensive law enforcement measures against them and expose them through news media .
in the future , safety credit records will also be linked with financial activities such as business insurances .
in addition , shanghai will also allocate a certain amount of funds from penalty fees paid by corporations due to production safety accidents and use it for reward for reporting chemical hazards so as to encourage citizens to do so .
at the same time , corporations in high-risk industries will be required to set aside a certain percentage of their funds to be used for compensation for emergency accidents .
at the 11th session of the standing committee of the 12th shanghai municipal people 's congress , tang dengjie reported that in 2003 the relevant departments of shanghai dispatched 68,000 person-trips , organized nearly 10,000 production safety inspections , and uncovered 23,000 hidden hazards .
the overall situation of production safety in shanghai last year was stable but accidents still happened from time to time .
the construction industry , private enterprises and migrant workers among others are respectively the most accident-prone industry , corporations and group .
sources said that in recent years shanghai has actively stepped up the supervision over production safety and established a system of safety supervision at various levels .
in addition to the safety supervision departments at the two levels of city and district  county , more than 90% of the communities and townships in the municipality have established safety supervision agencies staffed with safety supervision personnel .
at present , the relevant departments in shanghai are formulating production safety regulations at the municipal level .
first batch of china 's chicken products exports to japan after avian flu
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 14 ( reporter yin lijuan ) on the 14th , bejing entry  exit inspection and quarantine bureau quarantined 220 tons of cooked chicken products to be exported to japan .
this first batch of chicken products that passed all the quarantine inspections will be shipped to tokyo , osaka , nagoya and other places in japan . it is the first batch of poultry products to be exported to japan after the outbreak of a highly pathogenic avian influenza in china .
chen shisong , director of animal inspection of beijing entry  exit inspection and quarantine bureau , told reporters that this batch of chicken products produced by beijing huadu chickens company and beijing dafa zhengda co . , ltd consists of us $ 680,000 worth of cooked chicken products in six categories and ten varieties .
it is learned that japan is the largest exports market for china 's poultry and poultry products .
after the warning for the outbreak of avian flu was lifted , a team of japanese experts went on an inspection tour of 35 poultry processing companies in china .
the japanese food experts conducted a strict examination of aspects ranging from poultry raising , fodder ingredients , and chemical residue control to butchering , processing , and heat treatment facilities . after they were convinced that health and safety requirements for exports are met , they agreed on april 17 to allow the resumption of exports to japan by the 35 companies inspected , three of which are chicken processing plants in beijing including huadu and dafa zhengda companies .
beijing entry  exit inspection and quarantine bureau said that in the future it will conduct a thorough supervision of the inspection and quarantine of poultry exports and strictly enforce " a full process inspection " so as to completely eliminate hidden problems affecting the quality of food hygiene .
according to mr . kameyama , a scientific research expert with nippon suisan kaisha that collaborates with beijing huadu chicken co . , ltd in developing chicken products , consumers in japan are confident about the quality of foods that passed the ciq inspection and quarantine .
thanks to their delicious taste , large selection , reliable safety and hygiene , chicken products from beijing areas are very popular with consumers in japan .
( international ) south korea begins voting for 17th parliament election
xinhua news agency , seoul , april 15 ( reporter zhang li ) voting for south korea 's 17th parliament election started at 6:00 on the 15th simultaneously at 13,167 poll stations across the country . more than 35.6-million voters will elect 299 parliament members with a four-year term .
a total of 1,357 candidates from 14 political parties participated in the campaign . the opposition grand national party and the uri party supporting roh moo hyun fought a fierce battle over who would win the seat of the first largest party in the national assembly .
since this parliament election was conducted after president roh moo hyun was impeached by the national assembly and suspended from exercising his presidential power , the attitude toward the impeachment has become the focus of debate among all parties .
this election was conducted in accordance with the election law newly amended in march this year , which completely bans campaigning aimed at massive crowds such as joint speeches and strictly prohibits monetary purchase of votes . violators can be fined up to 50-million south korean won ( about 1,150 south korean won equals one us dollar ) .
therefore , the activities and phenomenons of voting for money and large-scale organized voting have significantly decreased since the campaign officially started on april 2 .
a system of " one person , two votes " has also been adopted for the first time for this parliament election in south korea , which means voters cast one ballot each for the parliament member and the political party they support .
out of 299 members of the national assembly , 243 are directly elected by the national election while the remaining 56 are distributed according to the proportion of votes that all parties have got .
the election day is a legal holiday , and the voting on the 15th will end at 6:00 p.m .
since votes are electronically counted , the statistic result of 243 constituencies in the country may be confirmed by 9:00 in the evening . the seats of 56 members distributed to all parties according to the proportion will be disclosed at midnight .
( international ) us maps the genome of a bacterium that corrodes oil and natural gas pipeline
xinhua news agency , washington , april 14 ( reporter mao lei ) the corrosion of pipelines by microbes such as sulfate-reducing bacteria has been an old challenging problem that bothers oil and natural gas production and delivery industries .
us scientists have newly mapped the genome of a key sulfate-reducing bacterium , which will help find a solution to this old challenge .
scientists at the institute for genomic research in the united states chose desulfovibrio , one of the most common sulfate-reducing bacteria , for sequencing .
sulfate-reducing bacteria , a type of anaerobe , can reduce sulfates to sulfides and in doing so corrode the underground metal pipeline through chemical reaction .
similar microbially-influenced corrosion can not only destroy pipelines and equipment but sometimes also trigger accidents , causing the oil and natural gas industry to suffer huge economic losses .
in an article in the online version of the new issue of the journal " nature biotechnology " scientists said that they have sequenced a total of about 3.6-million base pairs of this desulfovibrio and conducted a preliminary study of its genome .
they think these results can be used for further study of the functional mechanism of bacteria in metal corrosion so as to develop new strategies to reduce the damages by sulfate-reducing bacteria .
for example , after scientists analyzed the genome of this bacterium , they have identified a network of cytochrome c proteins .
these genes are believed to play an important role in bacteria 's metal-reducing capabilities .
scientists said that in the future it may be possible to determine the on-off status of all genes while sulfate-reducing bacteria are corroding metal .
results of similar studies will be necessary in order to seek more effective ways to prevent metal from microbially influenced corrosion .
china holds performing arts and entertainment expo via internet
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 15 ( reporter wu jing ) as an official from the ministry of culture gently clicked the mouse with his finger , a lively performing arts and entertainment expo was formally kicked off on the website of " china culture market " on the 15th .
at the opening ceremony on the 15th held at the ministry of culture , zhang xinjian , deputy director of the market division of the moc , announced the formal opening of the expo by clicking the mouse .
while he was making his speech , more than 300 expo participants across the country had shown the audience their products and technologies on the virtual web stage via pictures , text , audio and other forms .
zhang xinjian said that with the economic development in china and the rising living standards of people , performing arts and entertainment sectors are thriving in china .
it is very important to set up an information exchange platform in this field . either from the perspective of government management and service and enterprises , or from the perspective of exchanges among industries , great attention should be paid to the combination of the internet technology and traditional cultural content so as to add fresh vigor to the performing arts and entertainment sectors .
representatives from the performing arts and entertainment sectors also hold the general view that the online expo is an operational mode for the modern performing arts sector that has gone global and is very important for integrating resources , promoting the market , and exchanging information .
in the meantime , experts said that as foreign performing arts groups and agencies are aggressively making their way into the chinese market , people in china 's performing arts and entertainment sectors should also think more about such issues as the trend of performing arts and entertainment sectors going online , the combination of traditional entertainment resources with the internet technology , and the development of performing arts and entertainment channels .
the government regulatory department should also use the internet to better provide government information services to performing arts and entertainment managers so as to guide the industry toward healthy and positive growth .
( entertainment hotline ) xuanyuan 's hometown to host yanhuang culture festival
xinhua news agency , april 15 ( reporter li lijing ) as ancient music from chu and shang were played on a grand chime , ten maids of honor performed court dances gracefully while 99 children sang " ode to emperor huangdi " in chorus .
the reporter learned from xinzheng municipal government of henan province on the 15th that on april 21 ( march 3 of the lunar calendar ) the annual china xinzheng yanhuang culture festival will open here in this hometown of emperor huangdi .
at the opening ceremony there will be some performances showing the production and life of our ancestors in ancient times .
xinzheng is the place where the first ancestor of chinese civilization was born , established his territory and built his capital .
5,000 years ago , emperor huangdi established astronomy , invented written characters , built boats and carts , raised silk worms , constructed the palace , cultivated the five grains and created the glorious and brilliant ancient chinese civilization here .
the legend said that march 3 of the lunar calendar was the day when emperor huangdi united the whole land and accomplished his great ambition . his descendents , out of their respect for xianyuan huangdi , established the custom of grand ancestor-worshipping on this day as early as in the spring and autumn period and observed it hereafter .
sources said that the upcoming 2004 china xinzheng yanhuang culture festival will be hosted jointly by xinzheng municipal people 's government and the china yanhuang culture research association .
in addition to the grand ceremony of public worship , art performances , economic and trade negotiations , and sightseeing tours , this year 's program will feature exhibitions of pictures , literature , and artifacts on the culture of emperor huangdi , allowing yanhuang descendents of both home and abroad more vivid and detailed insights into the great accomplishments of their ancient ancestors .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) ling feng , liu hai-juo 's chief doctor , creates a sensation by her visit to taiwan
xinhua news agency , taipei , april 16 ( reporters fan liqing and li kai ) recently , ling feng , director of the neurosurgery department of xuanwu hospital who is on an academic visit in taipei and attending doctor for liu hai-juo , hostess of phoenix satellite tv , has become a figure in the spotlight being chased by taiwanese media and people .
with so many taiwanese patients looking up to her as a " magic doctor , " ling feng said , i am nothing more but a doctor , and i do n't want to see my medical treatment of liu hai-juo being regarded and praised by everyone as a legend .
ling feng arrived in taiwan to participate in a medical seminar on the 14th .
at the airport , liu hai-juo welcomed her with flowers in her hand and the two hugged each other .
meanwhile , a lot of taiwanese media and some citizens also rushed to the airport in hopes of seeing ling feng in person .
two years ago , liu hai-juo was seriously injured in a terrible train accident in britain and was once declared as brain dead by her british doctor .
after that , under the care of the chinese government , liu hai-juo was transferred to beijing xuanwu hospital for treatment . through the meticulous treatment of her attending doctor ling feng and other medical staff , liu hai-juo gradually recovered and returned to her hometown taipei early this month .
on the 15th and 16th , ling feng attended a number of academic seminars and interviews in taiwan and had a happy reunion with liu hai-juo .
in taipei xinguang hospital , ling feng gave a talk on " space for development of interventional neuroradiology in the new millennium . "
her peers in taiwan commented that ling feng 's talk was extremely interesting , humorous , and innovative .
during her stay in taiwan , many people contacted ling feng through various channels to seek treatment and diagnosis from her every day . ling feng responded by saying that she did not have a doctor 's license in taiwan and would not treat patients in taiwan .
she said earnestly that she came to taiwan this time to attend medical conferences . she came here with an intention to learn and wanted to learn from the experience of other doctors and experts in her discipline .
ling feng said another purpose of her visit was to meet her friend .
as she once promised to meet liu hai-juo again in taiwan , she wanted to come to taiwan to fulfill liu hai-juo 's dream .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) taiwan 's tachia matsu pilgrimage starts its southward round trip of eight days and seven nights
xinhua news agency , taipei , april 17 ( reporters fan liqing and li kai ) at 10:10 on the evening of the 17th , amid deafening sound of firecrackers , gongs and drums , the pilgrimage of the effigy of the goddess matsu in jenlan temple in tachia , taichung county , one of the three grand religious events in taiwan , officially started its southward round trip .
more than 100,000 pilgrims across taiwan participated in the starting ceremony of matsu pilgrimage .
the tachia matsu pilgrimage this year will last eight days and seven nights and pass four counties and city of taichung , changhua , yunlin and chiayi in a round trip of more than 300 km by foot .
along the way , millions of devotees are expected to participate in the worship .
from the morning of the 17th , crowds of devotees continually poured into the neighborhood of jenlan temple and jam-packed the square .
" procession leaders " from across taiwan were performing dances of dragons , lions and palanquins on the square . their excellent performance had attracted large crowds of pilgrims , who paused to catch a glimpse of the show .
at about 10:00 in the evening , after three blasts of firecrackers for mounting the palanquin , matsu officially set off and the round trip pilgrimage began .
jenlan temple in tachia founded in the reign of emperor qianlong in the qing dynasty has a history of over two-hundred years . the matsu round trip pilgrimage held every march of the lunar calendar is an annual grand religious event in taiwan . the start of matsu 's southward round trip pilgrimage and its return are often the grand ceremonies that draw crowds of people from all over the place .
matsu , originally named lin mu , was a young woman in putian , fujian during the northern song dynasty . she engaged herself in helping people in danger and poverty and rescuing fishermen in distress at sea . after her death , people in her hometown set up a temple in her worship on meizhou island and respected her as " a goddess of the sea . "
currently , there are thousands of matsu palaces and temples all over the world and nearly 200-million matsu devotees , of whom more than 10-million are in taiwan . "
in order to promote the matsu culture , the chief event sponsors have also held the tachia matsu international cultural festival this year , organizing events such as chinese puppet shows , the flower and drum procession , and the greeting ceremony during matsu 's itinerant tour .
upstream tunnel completed for west-east gas pipeline project
xinhua news agency , urumqi , april 18 ( reporter wang boyu ) the tianshan yanshuigou tunnel at the upstream section of west-east gas pipeline project was completed on the 18th , paving the way for linking the main gas sources with the first natural gas supply station .
traversing the qiulitage ridge of tianshan mountain to link the kela no . 2 gas field with the first lunnan gas supply station , the 1,984.7-meter-long yanshuigou tunnel is called the throat of the upstream section of the west-east gas pipeline project .
the construction of yanshuigou tunnel started on september 15 last year . since qiulitage is geologically characterized by brittle and weeping rocks and great susceptibility to cave-ins , the project managing department of the 15th engineering bureau of china railway construction corp that was contracted to undertake construction adopted technical strategies such low-impact explosion , short length drilling and steel bolstering . more than 26,000 cubic meters of rock were drilled and cleared before this long distance tunnel 3.9 meters wide at the bottom and 3.6 meters in height was finally completed .
engineer li wenxing with the project managing department said that yanshuigou tunnel still needs to be reshaped to ensure the safe passage of the west-east gas pipeline .
the main pipeline of the west-east gas transport project will start at the lunnan oil and gas field in the tarim basin , xinjiang , traverse eastward gansu , ningxia , shaanxi , shanxi , henan , anhui and jiangsu , and eventually reach baihe town in the suburbs of shanghai , boasting a total length of about 4,000 kilometers . the first phase of the project will have an annual gas transport capacity of 12-billion cubic meters .
the section from jinbian , shaanxi , to the western suburbs of shanghai was completed and put into operation at the end of 2003 . the welding of pipelines from lunnan , xinjiang , to jinbian , shaanxi , has also been completed and the entire phase is expected to be completed and put into operation by december this year .
( international ) world governments to discuss on how satellites can serve human health
xinhua news agency , tokyo , april 19 ( reporter he degong ) according to the report by japan 's asahi news on the 19th , at the earth observation summit to be held in tokyo on april 25 , world governments will set forth basic guidelines on how to use satellite data to serve human health and discuss concrete measures .
satellites can be used not only to observe weather and terrain but also to keep in touch with the status of water pollution and vegetation .
the goal of the above international cooperation program is to integrate satellite data with ground-based data such as the condition required for infestation of infectious disease vectors like mosquitoes and mice and the infection rates in all regions so as to forecast the risk level of an outbreak of infectious disease and the regions at risk .
such a plan , if realized , will aid the concentrated spray of effective pesticide to expel or terminate the organism through which infectious diseases are spread .
in addition , heat waves that threaten the elderly and the intensity of ultraviolet light that is associated with skin cancer can also be monitored by satellites .
the world health organization and the us centers for disease control are using satellites to monitor water areas where mosquitoes that spread the west nile virus are likely to breed .
argentina and chile are discussing the use of the land observing satellite to be launched by japan to monitor cattle migration so as to prevent the spread of foot-and-mouth disease .
however , as of now , there has n't been any integrated use of satellite data from all countries .
therefore , 33 nations in the world and 21 international organizations held the first earth observation summit in the united states last year and reached a consensus on cooperation in this field among all nations .
( international ) us dollar slides on new york foreign exchange while japanese yen is put under pressure
xinhua news agency , new york , april 19 as greenspan , chairman of the us federal reserve board , will make an important speech this week , investors appeared relatively cautious . on the 19th , the us dollar against major european currencies fluctuated slightly on new york foreign exchange and slid a little bit at closing , while the japanese yen suffered a complete sell-off due to a frustrated japanese stock market .
during the trading session of new york foreign exchange on the same day , the market basically followed the technical trend , almost unaffected by the leading economic indicators and other economic data released by the united states .
as market participants generally expected to look for the future direction of the us interest rate from the key speech greenspan will make this week , they were not enthusiastic about entering the market .
however , the japanese yen declined across the board on the day as japan 's stock market took quite a deep dive on the 19th and its domestic investors kept selling japanese yen for foreign currencies to buy overseas assets after japan entered a new fiscal year in april .
at the closing of new york foreign exchange , the euro against the us dollar went up to 1:1.2017 from 1:1.1992 the previous trading day ; the british pound against the us dollar rose to 1:1.8083 from 1:1.7982 ; the us dollar against swiss franc dropped to 1:1.2894 from 1:1.2944 , while the us dollar against the japanese yen rose to 1:108.46 from 1:107.67 .
the recent statistics about employment , retailing and inflation successively released by the united states continuously fueled the market 's expectation that the us federal reserve will raise interest rates within the year .
some market analysts think that since low interest rates have been the major factor that affects the exchange rate of the us dollar , the us dollar may go stronger even further once the us federal reserve decides to raise the interest rates soon .
state council issues " implementation outline for the holistic promotion of administration by law "
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 20 on march 22 , the state council issued and distributed " implementation outline for the holistic promotion of administration by law " ( hereafter abbreviated to " the outline " ) .
xinhua news agency was authorized to broadcast the full text of " the outline . "
under the guidance of deng xiaoping theory and the important thought of " three represents , " " the outline " summarizes the basic experience of promoting administration by law in recent years , adjusts to the new situation of building an overall well-to-do society and the process of governing by law , and clearly sets forth the goal of an overall realization of building a government by law through about ten years of persistent efforts .
" the outline " requests that government offices at all levels , in their administration and management , should govern by law and reason , with due process and high efficiency , and at the convenience of their citizens ; and should be honest and trustworthy and maintain a balance of authority and responsibility .
" the outline " also proposes detailed goals , tasks and measures for the seven areas including functional changes of the government and the reform of administrative management system , system building , implementation of laws , scientific and democratic decision-making and public availability of government information , dispute resolution mechanism , administrative supervision , and enhancing government administrative officials ' awareness and capabilities of administration by law .
" the outline , " which was reviewed and passed by the 43rd routine session of the state council on march 16 , has made stipulations in 11 areas with a total of 42 articles .
( international ) rato expected to be presidential candidate for imf
xinhua news agency , paris , april 19 france 's jean lemierre , one of the contenders for the presidency of the international monetary fund , was re-elected as president of the european bank for reconstruction and development on the 19th .
that means spain 's former finance minister rodrigo rato may very likely become the imf presidential candidate jointly recommended by european nations .
after lemierre was re-elected as president of the european bank for reconstruction and development , sarkozy , french minister of economics , finance and industry , while expressing congratulation on him , telephoned rato , hoping he would consider the priorities of french policies after he becomes the imf president .
sarkozy 's move means france has given up its support of lemierre in favor of rato in the matter of choosing the presidential candidate for the imf .
as the imf and world bank will hold the 2004 spring session in washington this week , the issue of candidates for the imf managing director has drawn increasing attention .
the former imf president horst koehler resigned in march this year due to his nomination as presidential candidate for germany .
european nations nominated a few candidates to succeed koehler , among whom lemierre and rato were considered most likely to get approved .
lemierre won the support of france and germany , while rato won the support of spain , belgium , holland and more than 10 other latin american countries .
according to public opinion , rato 's position on iraq war will win him the support of the united states and britain .
the imf and world bank were established in 1945 . at that time , the united states and europe had an unwritten " gentleman 's agreement " on the issue of leaders at these two organizations that a us national heads the world bank while a european serves as president of the imf .
however , other members have now increasingly called for a non-european , non-us president of the imf .
( international ) 15th china-us joint commission on commerce and trade convenes in washington
xinhua news agency , washington , april 21 ( reporter ban wei ) the china-us joint commission on commerce and trade began its 15th meeting at the us department of commerce on the morning of the 21st to discuss the key economic and trade issues that both parties are concerned about .
the meeting was jointly chaired by vice premier wu yi of china 's state council , us secretary of commerce evans and trade representative zoellick .
this jcct meeting was held at the highest level in more than ten years .
during the one-day meeting , both parties are expected to discuss a series of issues such as us restrictions of high-tech exports to china , the investigation of china 's products exported to the united states , and the protection of intellectual property rights .
china and the united states plan to sign the relevant agreements by the end of the meeting in the afternoon .
kong quan , spokesman for china 's ministry of foreign affairs , said in beijing on the 20th that the goal of this meeting was for china and the united states to have a thorough exchange of views , expand their consensus and narrow their disagreements on certain issues so as to jointly press forward the continuous development of mutually beneficial economic and trade cooperation .
the china-us jcct , established in 1983 , is the highest-level mechanism for bilateral economic and trade consultations between china and the united states .
for two decades , the joint commission has played an important role in increasing the mutual understanding of the two countries , promoting the mutually beneficial bilateral economic and trade cooperation , and maintaining and facilitating the stable and healthy development of the bilateral economic and trade relations .
when premier wen jiabao of the state council visited the united states in december last year , the leaders of the two countries agreed to elevate the level of this china-us jcct meeting , which would be chaired by vice premier wu yi on the chinese side and by secretary of commerce evans and trade representative zoellick jointly on the us side .
( selected excerpts from chinese media ) another major progress made in human gene cloning
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 22 according to the report by beijing morning post , another major progress has been made in deciphering " human code " as more than 150 scientists from 12 countries including china , the united states , germany , and japan handed to the world on the 21st their " answer key " to the research on human genome , identifying more than 20,000 functional genes from over 40,000 human genes .
on the website of " public library of science biology , " an internationally renowned academic journal , the masterpiece of the scientists is posted in advance and the gene database is also open to the public free of charge .
sources said that chinese scientists , as major members of the " united nations of genes , " completed cloning 758 new genes , about 1.8% of the total number of genes , for this research project .
chinese scientists ' research on human genome has been fully supported by the state 's program 869 and program 973 , natural science foundation and others . on april 21 , the relevant person in charge at the state natural science foundation said in an interview that opening the human gene database to the public free of charge can allow ordinary people access to the cutting-edge science . the person in charge said the more the public get to know about the innovative science , the more motivated scientists will feel for research .
han zeguang , a researcher with the southern research center of the national human genome team that participates in this project , said in an interview that of these 20,000-plus functional genes , more than 5,000 have never been identified before . the new genes that chinese scientists cloned are mainly from autologous hematopoietic stem cells , cells of the secretory system and cells of the immune system . the result of this research will facilitate the successful treatment and diagnosis of certain diseases and the accelerated research on recombinant protein drugs .
as briefed by the researcher han zeguang , considering the uniqueness of new genes , we have already applied for patents for some of the genes so as to protect china 's independent intellectual property rights .
( hong kong , macao , taiwan ) first investment fund engaged in disposing china 's non-performing assets to be established in hong kong
xinhua news agency , hong kong , april 22 ( reporter zheng xiaozhou ) the international finance corporation disclosed to xinhua reporters on the 22nd that " yangtze china , " the first investment fund specializing in disposing china 's bad assets , will be established in hong kong , and ifc , among others , will invest us $ 50-million as a participating shareholder .
sources said that the fund will pursue a multi-pronged strategy and target its investment at non-performing loan pools , distressed real estate properties and corporate restructuring .
general founding partners of the fund also include colony investment fund , a famous us multinational investment and acquisition fund , and shanghai industrial investment co . , ltd .
the fund raised a total of about us $ 100-million for the first phase and is targeting us $ 500-million .
ifc said that as a world bank subsidiary specializing in private sector investment , taking a stake in this fund signals that ifc 's strategy to contribute to the resolution of non-performing assets in china has entered a new stage .
in helping china to resolve the issue of non-performing assets , ifc earlier supported the auction of bad assets and packaged sales .
the purpose of ifc 's investment in this fund is to introduce a new technique for distressed asset resolution so as to facilitate the process of china 's bad assets disposal .
he jiawei , ifc director for the bureau of east asia and the pacific , said : " by supporting projects like this , ifc will play an important role in pushing forward the reform of china 's banking sector and the restructuring of state-owned enterprises .
the project of yangtze fund will be committed to the resolution of the non-performing asset problem and will contribute to the establishment of a positive credit culture . "
china to establish a system of geological disaster forewarning and forecast and contingency command
xinhua news agency , guiyang , april 25 ( reporter xie dengke ) china will establish a system of geological disaster forewarning and forecast and contingency command so as to step up monitoring and forewarning in major geological disaster-prone areas , obtain live information of geological disasters as they occur , develop and change , and provide supporting information for the prevention of geological disasters and contingency decision-making .
lu xinshe , vice minister of land and resources , disclosed this news on the 25th at a working conference held here on building electronic administration for land and resources .
lu xinshe said the state has incorporated the system of geological disaster forewarning and forecast and contingency command , the national monitoring system of farmland protection , and the national safety assurance system of mineral resources into the three major network systems that are to be completed in the coming four years of building electronic administration for land and resources .
building a system of geological disaster contingency operational command that integrates disaster information monitoring , information analysis and processing system , network information transmission and information release will provide key infrastructure engineering and effective measures for china to enhance its capabilities to respond promptly to sudden geological disasters and to effectively prevent and reduce disasters .
in recent years china has effectively carried out county - and city-wide investigations of geological disasters and mass prediction and prevention in regions prone to geological disasters .
as of the end of 2003 , the entire country has completed investigations of an accumulative total of 545 counties and cities , established their corresponding information systems and networks of mass prediction and prevention , established systems of geological disaster contingency command and systems of reporting geological disasters at both national and provincial levels . 697 geological disasters have been successfully forecast nation-wide , and nearly 30,000 casualties have been prevented .
in 2003 , 13,832 sudden geological disasters of various kinds in total were reported across the country . 743 people were killed , 125 were missing , and 564 were injured with direct economic losses at 4.865-billion yuan .
second session of guangzhou trade fair opens
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , april 25 ( reporters wang pan , wang xin and guo yingyu ) after four days of recess , the second session of the 95th guangzhou trade fair opened in guangzhou on the 25th as crowds of overseas business people poured into the halls . the total number of attending business people at this fair is expected to exceed 160,000 .
this guangzhou trade fair is divided into two sessions . the first session was from april 15 to april 20 ; and the second session will last from april 25 to april 30 .
xu bing , spokesman for the fair , earlier announced that the first session was attended by an accumulative total of 91,511 purchasers from 200 countries and regions all over the world , up 8.3% from the 94th fair .
the six days saw a total transaction of us $ 14.89-billion , up 14.5% from the previous fair .
xu bing said that generally the number of business people attending the second session would be around 85% of that for the first session . in other words , more than 70,000 purchasers will attend the second session of this fair , while the total number of attendees for the fair will exceed 160,000 .
the reporters saw at the site that due to the large number of attendees , both exhibition halls were crowded and at some booths long lines of overseas business people were forming as they waited for negotiations .
by the statistic standards of germany 's exhibition commission , guangzhou trade fair has ranked the third in the world for annual fairs .
brand name booths were set up for the first time at the 95th guangzhou trade fair .
there are about 2,000 brand name booths , accounting for 7% of the total .
the fair continued to set up multinational procurement zones . four multinational purchasing delegations from carrefour and leroy merlin of france , central purchasing inc . and qvc of the united states , among others , will conduct fixed procurement at the site .
( international ) world 's third largest drug maker ready to be born
xinhua news agency , paris , april 25 the french ministry of finance announced on the 25th that aventis , a franco-german drug maker , had accepted the new offer of france 's sanofi-synthelabo and the two companies will merge to form the world 's third largest drug maker after the us-based pfizer and britain 's glaxosmithkline .
according to the new proposal of sanofi-synthelabo , the company will buy aventis stocks at 69 euros per share , up 14% from the price of 60.43 euros per share proposed on january 26 this year .
aventis rejected the acquisition offer made by sanofi-synthelabo in january for the reason of " price being too low . " afterward it indicated several times that it might adopt the strategy of " white knight , " namely , increasing the acquisition cost of sanofi-synthelabo by seeking another merger partner so as to hamper its acquisition attempt .
in early april , aventis formally invited the swiss pharmaceutical firm novartis to serve as " white knight , " but novartis said it would negotiate with aventis on the merger only if the french government kept neutral on this issue .
the french government had clearly expressed its hope that sanofi-synthelabo and aventis should consider the " national interest " of france and complete a friendly merger to form a french pharmaceutical giant .
as soon as the news that the merger agreement had been reached was released on the evening of the 25th , french prime minister raffarin issued a statement to express congratulations .
he said this merger was consistent with france 's strategic interest and hoped the merger will boost the franco-german superiority in the pharmaceutical sector .
aventis and sanofi-synthelabo are ranked no . 1 and no . 2 respectively in france 's pharmaceutical industry . after the merger , the total annual revenue of pharmaceutical operation , the core business of the new company , is expected to reach 25-billion euros .
( international ) popular science : dust tornadoes may generate high-voltage electricity , posing nuisances for mars exploration
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 26 swirling columns of dust may occasionally occur on the vast empty surface of the ground under a blazing sun , and they can generate very high electric voltage .
this new discovery has scientists worried that similar phenomenons on mars may give rise to lightning , which can pose an unexpected nuisance to future missions of exploring mars .
this swirling column of dust called dust tornado is created by the uneven temperature of the ground surface .
for example , under the sun the temperature of the asphalt road is very high while the temperature of the surrounding sandy land is relatively low . the difference between the temperatures at the intersection of the road and the sandy land causes the air to spiral up , bringing with it the dust to form a dust tornado in the shape of a column .
small dust tornadoes vanish within a few minutes , while some dust tornadoes of large size may last one to two hours .
in the most recent issue of the journal of geophysical research , william farrell , a scientist at nasa 's goddard space center , reported that in the past few summers he has been studying the phenomenon of dust tornadoes in the desert in southwest united states and discovered that high electric voltage can be generated inside a dust tornado and the potential difference between two points one meter apart may exceed 4,000 volts .
the research found that the voltage is formed by charged dust particles .
lighter dust particles tend to be negatively charged and carried upward by air currents in a dust tornado , while heavier dust particles tend to be positively charged and sink , resulting in potential difference .
this principle is somewhat similar to the phenomenon of thunder and lightning .
scientists said that dust tornadoes on mars are of much larger magnitude than on earth . the largest martian dust tornado may reach 10 km in height .
they generate huge voltage with the strength of electric field up to 20,000 volts per meter .
in the thin martian air such high voltage is enough to ionize air molecules to form lightning .
scientist are worried that dust tornadoes will complicate the mission of exploring mars even more because lightning can destroy computers and electro-statically charged dust particles also tend to damage instruments and equipment .
( international ) international community provides aid to north korea
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 26 comprehensive news by overseas xinhua reporters : on the 26th , the european union , russia and finland announced humanitarian aid to north korea in response to the explosion accident at ryongchon train station in north korea .
in a press release on the 26th the european commission announced a total of 200,000 euros worth of emergency relief to north korea .
the aid will be mainly used to provide urgently-needed drugs , first-aid kits , water disinfectant tablets , tents , etc .
the ec 's humanitarian aid office has identified the danish red cross society as its partner to deliver aid immediately .
the european commission also said that the current aid is only a preliminary emergency aid and that the humanitarian aid office will decide next week whether to give additional support based on the specific situation of the explosion .
beltsov , deputy director of the information department of russia 's ministry for emergencies , announced on the 26th that russia will provide 30 tons of humanitarian aid supplies to north korea and among them an il-76 plane laden with 13 tons of humanitarian relief goods will fly from moscow at 8:00 p.m . local time this evening to north korea .
this batch of 13 tons of relief goods includes anti-burn drugs , 85 large tents and 1,000 comforters .
the finnish red cross announced on the 26th that it will provide north korea a donation of 50,000 euros to help relief work in north korea .
on the 22nd , a huge train explosion occurred at the ryongchon train station in north pyongan of north korea .
korean central news agency said in a report on the 26th that the accident of explosion has so far killed more than 150 people and injured over 1,300 , with the number of missing persons still under investigation .
the blast damaged more than 30 public facilities and factories . over 8,100 homes were damaged by varying degrees , of which 1,850 were completely destroyed .
at present , quite a number of countries and international agencies and organizations have expressed their willingness to offer humanitarian aid to north korea .
the first batch of foreign relief supplies provided free of charge by the chinese government arrived in north korea on the afternoon of the 25th and was delivered to north korea .
( international ) italian government reiterates commitment to rescue hostages
xinhua news agency , rome , april 26 ( reporter ding ying ) the italian government reiterated on the 26th that it will make every effort to continue the rescue of the three italian hostages abducted in iraq but refused to accept any blackmailing condition .
according to the media report here , italian foreign minister frattini , interior minister pisanu , defense minister martino and officials from italian prime minister 's office and the intelligence department held an emergency meeting on the resolution of hostage crisis that very night .
in a statement issued after the meeting , the italian government reiterated that it will do everything possible to accelerate the rescue of the italian hostages abducted in iraq through continued efforts including seeking diplomatic channels and international cooperation .
the statement also stressed that the italian government will not give in to the armed iraqis who abducted the hostages and will not accept any of their blackmailing conditions .
on the 26th , qatar 's al-jazeera television station broadcast the image of the three italian hostages abducted in iraq .
the abductors also issued an ultimatum to italy , demanding that italian people hold a demonstration march against iraq war in the capital rome within five days and urge the italian government to withdraw troops from iraq ; otherwise they will kill the hostages .
on the evening of the 13th of this month , four italians employed by a us security services company were abducted in iraq by armed iraqis . one of the hostages was killed by them on the 14th .
in spite of that , the italian government still held firm its position on the issue of iraq and said several times that it would not withdraw its army from iraq .
( sports ) blatter : fifa will not accept the joint bid by tunisia and libya for world cup
xinhua news agency , johannesburg , april 26 ( reporter yuan ye ) fifa chairman blatter said here on the 26th that fifa will not accept the bid by tunisia and libya for jointly hosting the world cup soccer tournament . he said the decision to allow south korea and japan to jointly host the 2002 world cup at that time was a " politically determined " exception .
south africa , which is actively bidding for hosting the 2010 world cup soccer tournament , invited blatter and his entourage of 11 people to attend the inauguration of president mbeki on the 26th in a final effort to win its bid for the world cup .
blatter also said he believes it will be a beautiful world cup no matter which african country hosts the 2010 world cup tournament .
fifa will announce the winner for hosting the 2010 world cup tournament on may 15 .
the bidders are south africa , morocco , egypt , tunisia and libya , of whom tunisia and libya proposed to co-host the event .
south africa invited the fifa officials for a visit and treated them as distinguished guests . the local media also gave them more attention than they did other heads of state who participated in the inauguration .
however , at a press conference held here on the 26th , blatter was still " tight-lipped , " declining to comment on any bidding country .
he said : " i am neutral .
during my tenure as fifa chairman , i promised africa the privilege to host the world cup , and i am proud i have fulfilled this promise . "
he said : " i believe no matter which one of the five countries wins , the african continent will host a beautiful world cup tournament . "
blatter said he will talk with the south african soccer association about bidding for the world cup .
he estimated the competition could be as intense as last time when south africa lost the chance to host the 2006 world cup by one vote .
in the first week of may , fifa 's technical commission will release on its official website the assessment reports on the five bidding countries .
dongyue temple fair in mount tai promotes mount tai cultural trademark
xinhua news agency , jinan , april 27 ( reporter liu baosen ) inside the temple of lord guan at the foot of mount tai , li qinwen , a tai'an city resident , was enjoying himself watching liuzi performance , a local opera in shandong .
meanwhile , lion dances , martial arts shows , and sanda matches in front of the hall of celestial gifts of the dai temple also attracted many foreign tourists , who stopped for a look .
on the 27th a succession of wonderful folk customs and cultural events were held in many temples at the foot of mount tai . a unique , star-studded opening performance was also staged that day at mount tai plaza in tai'an city . all these events were part of the 2004 china mount tai dongyue temple fair program .
in keeping with the tourism theme of the " 2004 catch the lifestyle " and the upcoming may 1 golden week , tai'an city of shandong province , tapping the historic and cultural resources of dongyue temple fair , is holding the 2004 china mount tai dongyue temple fair from april 21 to may 20 on the theme of " touring dongyue temple fair to learn about folk customs and to pray for prosperity and peace for our country and people . "
mount tai dongyue temple fair has a long history . originating from the han dynasty , it became popular in the tang dynasty , thrived in the song dynasty and reached its peak in the ming and qing dynasties .
through more than two-thousand years of development , mount tai dongyue temple fair has now become one of the sources for china 's temple fair culture , a main stage for china 's folk customs and culture and a paragon for world temple fair culture .
( international ) most eu countries still fail to match the us on competitiveness
xinhua news agency , geneva , april 27 ( reporter li jie ) a study released on the 27th by the geneva-based world economic forum shows that of the 15 eu countries , except for finland , denmark and sweden , the three countries that outperform the united states in their competitiveness , the other 12 member countries all fail to match the united states on competitiveness .
the report said the three northern european countries are most outstanding in the areas of " industrial network readiness " and " measures of sustainable development , " while the united states is ranked first in " improving the environment for innovation and r &amp; amp ; d , " an area most representative of economic growth and competitiveness , and in " creating an enterprise environment that is more conducive for private sector economy . "
according to the assessment criteria , finland is the most competitive , ranking first in five categories , and second , third and fourth respectively in the other three categories .
the report also assessed the progress of reform in all eu member countries and believed that the european union should accelerate progresses in the three areas of " improving the environment for innovation and r &amp; amp ; d , " " developing an information society " and " creating an enterprise environment that is more conducive for private sector economy . "
in addition to the 15 eu countries , the report also assessed the economic conditions of some of the countries that will join the european union this year and in 2007 .
among the countries that will soon join the european union , estonia and slovenia are respectively ranked the first two in competitiveness .
in 2000 , the leaders of the 15 eu countries passed " the lisbon strategy " at lisbon summit and promised to accelerate economic reforms , create more jobs and enable the european union to surpass the united states by 2010 to become the most competitive economic community in the world .
( international ) south korea 's ship sails with aid for north korea
xinhua news agency , seoul , april 28 ( reporter zhang li ) the cargo ship " han kwang " loaded with south korea 's relief supplies left incheon port in south korea for nampo port in north korea at noon on the 28th .
the relief supplies worth a total of us $ 1-million are donated by the south korean government and the red cross to the victims of explosion at the ryongchon railway station in north korea .
according to the south korean media report , this is the first time that aid goods to north korea provided by the south korean government and a civic organization were directly shipped from south korea to north korea .
the relief goods include daily necessities , drugs , medical equipment , etc . the cargo ship is expected to arrive in north korea on the morning of the 29th .
in addition , relief supplies worth more than 10-billion south korean won ( about 1,150 south korean won equals one us dollar ) provided by south korea 's " headquarters of movement to help victims of ryongchon " and the government of gyeonggi province in south korea were also loaded onto the ship at incheon port on the 28th .
these supplies consisting of essentials and drugs will be transferred to north korea after they arrive in dandong in china .
it is reported that during the talks on aid supplies held in kaesong , north korea , north korea requested south korea to provide materials of 13 categories including cement , bulldozers , diesel fuel , gas , reinforcing steel , desks and chairs , and grain totaling 18-billion to 32-billion south korean won .
the relevant south korean government officials said on the 28th that they would try their best to meet the request of north korea and will formally decide the detailed figures of aid supplies to be provided to north korea on the 29th .
after north korea 's ryongchon railway station blast , the south korean government decided to provide us $ 1-million worth of emergency relief . corporations and civic groups in south korea also held fund raising events one after another for north korean victims .
83 certified corporate attorneys now practice in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 28 ( xiao lizhu , li xu ) on the 28th , beijing municipal bureau of justice held a ceremony to issue practicing certificates to the second batch of corporate attorneys .
so far beijing has 83 certified corporate attorneys in practice .
a corporate attorney means a practicing professional , who has the qualification of an attorney in the people 's republic of china or the qualification for legal practice issued by the ministry of justice , is exclusively engaged in legal affairs and provides legal services internally for a corporation , and has obtained the practicing certificate of a corporate attorney in accordance with the law .
currently in china , except for military lawyers , there is only one type of general practicing lawyers and the composition of lawyers needs further development and improvement .
in march 2003 , beijing municipal bureau of justice initiated a pilot program of " corporate attorneys " and the first batch of 37 certified corporate attorneys in six corporations started their practice .
this time , beijing municipal bureau of justice again issued " practicing certificates for corporate attorneys in the people 's republic of china " to 46 legal professionals working for the six corporations of agricultural bank of china , china life insurance ( group ) co . , zhongyuan real estate development co . , ltd . , china east asset management corporation , industry and commerce bank of china , beijing branch , and china aviation industry corporation ii .
wu yuhua , director of beijing municipal bureau of justice , said that the pilot program , which has been in place for a year , shows that the system of corporate attorneys has played a positive role in establishing modern corporate systems , facilitating the scientific , standardized , and legal process of internal corporate management , saving corporate costs , increasing corporate competitiveness , safeguarding corporate production and operation and other aspects .
( escap ) china will work hard for reinforcing un role , says li zhaoxing
xinhua news agency , shanghai , april 28 ( reporters sun liping , han jie , and cui qingxin ) foreign minister li zhaoxing said in shanghai on the 28th that reinforcing the un role and adopting pluralism are conducive to jointly meeting challenges and conforming to the interest of all parties .
china will continue to make unremitting efforts together with the international community to reinforce the un role .
at a press conference held after the closing of the 60th session of the un economic and social commission for asia and the pacific , li zhaoxing said the united nations is the most representative and authoritative international organization of governments in the contemporary world and has an irreplaceably important role in maintaining world peace and stability and promoting common development . solutions to many major world issues would not be possible without the united nations .
" the united nations is not omnipotent , but there are very few things in the world that are omnipotent . "
he said that in today 's world the most important issues are peace and development .
in the era of globalization , mankind is faced with tremendous challenges in areas of peace and security , economic and social development , and environmental protection .
reinforcing the un role is conducive to jointly meeting challenges .
on the un reforms , an issue that has drawn the concerns of all countries in the world , li zhaoxing said the chinese government supports the implementation of necessary and reasonable reforms on the united nations itself so as to enhance its overall capabilities to cope with threats and challenges .
he said the un reforms , in particular the reform of the security council , should lay more emphasis on the representation of developing countries and give more attention to development issues .
in order to support the united nations in better implementing its reforms , china 's former vice premier qian qichen has joined the un reform celebrity group established at the proposal of the un security council secretary general annan .
the group has held a seminar recently in hangzhou .
the group will soon go to hold a meeting in addis ababa where the african union is headquartered .
hong kong 's new world group to invest another 6 billion yuan in wuhan
xinhua news agency , wuhan , april 29 fan zuoguo , general manager of new world development ( wuhan ) co . , ltd . , said that new world group has officially started its second round of large-scale investment in wuhan and is expected to invest 6 billion yuan and complete real estate construction of 1-million square meters in the next three years .
the exhibition of new world 's wuhan projects was opened to the public on the 28th .
according to the report by the yangtze daily , new world group has been doing business in the real estate , city infrastructure construction and retailing in wuhan since early 1990s and has invested about 6 billion yuan in ten years .
fan zuoguo said the second round of investment differs significantly from the first round : a wider area : in addition to the continued development in the three areas , there will be aggressive expansion to services sectors including real estate management , infrastructure engineering consultation , and construction management ; a faster speed : the period of construction for the second round of development is reduced to three years ; and a higher level : real estate development is upgraded from residential property to office property .
at present , new world 's amount of investment in wuhan in real estate and infrastructure construction is only next to those in beijing , shanghai and guangzhou .
as the second round of investment unfolds , " wuhan 's ranking will move up further . "
fan zuoguo said that based on the diversified development strategy of the corporation , new world group will also get involved in the high science and technology industries including communications to keep abreast with the thriving area of wunhan 's economy .
by the end of three years , new world group will have invested a total of 12-billion yuan and completed real estate construction of 3-million square meters in wuhan .
( foreign affairs ) jia qinglin meets speaker of thailand 's senate
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 30 ( qian tong ) jia qinglin , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , met with the thai senate delegation headed by senate speaker suchon chaleekrua in the great hall of the people on the 30th .
jia qinglin first expressed his warm welcome to suchon for heading the delegation to china .
he said china and thailand are very similar in their cultures and closely linked geographically and ethnically .
since the establishment of diplomatic ties 29 years ago , the relations between the two countries have been growing and improving steadily .
in october last year , president hu jintao paid a successful state visit to thailand . the leaders of the two countries reached an important consensus on deepening the strategic cooperation between china and thailand and clarified directions for the development of the relations between china and thailand .
it can be said that china and thailand are truly good neighbors , good friends and good partners and that we are satisfied with the good development of the relations between china and thailand .
over many years , the cppcc has maintained multi-level , friendly exchange and cooperation with thailand 's senate and has become an important part of the bilateral relations . it has made its contribution in increasing mutual understanding and trust and promoting the stable and healthy development of the relations between the two countries .
suchon said that during the 29 years after the establishment of diplomatic ties between thailand and china , the top leaders of the two countries have always taken good care of the development of the bilateral relations .
thai royal family members made many visits to china on invitation . princess ubolratana even visited china numerous times , traveling all over the country .
the two governments have also maintained multi-level exchange and cooperation .
as soon as he himself took office in early april , he led this large delegation composed of chief members of thai senate committees on a visit to china . this fully shows not only the continued friendly relations between the two countries but also the good exchange maintained by thai senate and the cppcc . he believes the friendly cooperation between the two countries will surely continue to grow .
the cppcc vice chairman bai lichen , among others , was also present at the meeting .
( international ) british soldiers abuse iraqi prisoners
xinhua news agency , london , april 30 mike jackson , chief of the general staff of the british army , confirmed on april 30 that the british military has launched an investigation to verify the incident of prisoner abuse by british soldiers in iraq .
jackson said in a statement that he issued an order for investigation on the very day when the british daily mirror published several photos of british soldiers abusing iraqi prisoners .
he said : " i have learned about today 's allegation of british troops ' abuse of prisoners in iraq . "
in the photos allegedly provided by discharged british soldiers , a hooded iraqi prisoner was savagely beaten with his teeth knocked off while he was detained by british troops .
in the related text , the daily mirror , quoting information provided by several british troops , reported that unarmed iraqi prisoner was threatened with " torture " and suffered eight hours of beating followed by bleeding and vomiting .
in the end the prisoner was pushed down from a truck that was carrying him and there was no word of his whereabouts .
with regard to this report , jackson , as top military chief of the british army , said that if the investigation proves the allegation is true , the abusers have not only violated the law but also are not fit to wear the british army uniform .
on the same day , a spokesman for british prime minister blair had expressed condemnation on the incidents of prisoner abuse by us troops in iraq disclosed earlier by the media , saying such behavior had no difference from what former iraqi president saddam did .
after the daily mirror reported the abuse by british troops , the spokesman again made appearance and expressed support for jackson 's decision to conduct investigations .
on the us side , president bush also made a speech , saying he was " extremely disgusted " by the incidents of prisoner abuse by us troops .
the arab league , international red cross and the un secretary general annan made remarks in succession , condemning such behavior that violated the provisions of the " geneva convention . "
as a matter of fact , the incident of prisoner abuse by british troops was first disclosed by the sun a year ago with proofs of film . the eight soldiers involved may face charges , according to what the british ministry of national defense said on the 30th .
( international ) us threatens to impose sanctions on syria " soon "
xinhua news agency , washington , april 30 the us white house spokesman scott mcclellan issued a threat on april 30 , saying that the us government will impose sanctions on syria " soon " so as to " punish " it for supporting terrorism and seeking non-conventional weapons .
mcclellan said at a press conference on the same day : " our goal is to make sure we take the steps that can lead syria to change its behavior . that 's why we are moving forward on implementing the ' syria accountability and lebanese sovereignty act , ' and we will be making more announcements on this matter very soon . "
a senior us government official , who declined to be named , claimed the decision on imposing sanctions on syria will be announced " within a few weeks . "
last december us president bush signed the " syria accountability and lebanese sovereignty act " passed by congress , which requires syria to stop supporting terrorism , abandon its development of chemical and biological weapons and mid-to-long-range missiles , withdraw about 20,000 troops from lebanon , and begin peace negotiations with israel unconditionally .
according to mcclellan 's statement , syria has not alleviated the us " concerns " about its " harboring and supporting terrorism " and allowing foreign militants to cross its borders to participate in surprise attacks on us troops in iraq .
some time earlier us deputy secretary of state richard armitage sent a public message , saying syrian president bashar is now standing at the crossroads of choosing whether or not to be sanctioned .
sources said that once the sanctions are imposed , the measures the united states may take will include banning exports to syria of weapons and military  civilian dual-use technologies , curbing business investments in syria , downgrading the us-syria diplomatic relations , restricting the travel of syrian diplomats in the united states , freezing syrian assets in the united states , and limiting the use of us airspace by syrian civil passenger aircraft .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) pla naval task group hosts reception party in hong kong
xinhua news agency report of may 1st from hong kong ( by staff reporters xia wenhui and chen wanjun ) - the people 's liberation army 's naval task group held a reception party may 1st onboard the missile destroyer shenzhen docked in hong kong .
the reception party was attended by the chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region ( sar ) , tung chee-hwa , as well as other officials from the sar government .
yao xingyuan , commander of the naval task group and vice commander of the navy , said in his speech that the navy force of china 's people 's liberation army had grown from scratch , little by little , to become a powerful and modern strategic defense force after 55 years of development .
the people 's navy will continue to push forward military reforms with chinese characteristics , strengthen the construction of mechanization and information and continue to improve the comprehensive combat capabilities with advanced technology .
tung chee-hwa said hong kong people were happy to see that the people 's navy had developed into an important strategic force of a modern army after 50 years of efforts , and hoped that the people 's navy would continue to contribute to safeguarding the sovereignty and unity of the motherland .
gao siren , director of the liaison office of the central people 's government in sar ; yang wenchang , commissioner of the ministry of foreign affairs of china in sar ; lieut . gen . ou jingu , vice commander of pla guangzhou military area command ; maj . gen . wang jitang , commander of the pla hk garrison ; maj . gen . liu liangkai , political commissar of the pla hk garrison also attended the reception party .
( international ) japanese universities establish " child major "
xinhua news agency report of may 2nd from tokyo - a recent report by japan 's tokyo news noted that many universities in japan have established a " child major " in recent years to heighten efforts to research children .
an official from japan 's ministry of education , culture , sports , science and technology said that at present 9 private universities in japan had set up a " department of child study " , " children 's culture major " and similar departments and majors which specialize in the field of " child study " .
without exception , all these were established after 2002 .
the official said that the department of modern society of japan 's doshisha women 's university had established the specialty of " modern child study " this past spring .
the major 's coursework not only offers training for primary school teachers but also covers various topics such as cartoon study , field trips , poverty and child labor , as well as theories of child education .
he said that last november , japan had founded the " academy of japanese child study " .
what is attracting people 's attention is that the academy 's participants are mainly natural science specialists in the fields of children 's medical science , primate study and evolutionary biology .
the academy combines the two concepts of " body " and " mind " , concepts which had originally belonged to the differing categories of natural science and the humanities respectively , and uses this combination to establish a theory of " child science " .
in addition , they have also developed an educational program in cooperation with some enterprises and non-profit groups .
in the future , they will conduct thorough research on the influence of games , cartoons and toys on children and will offer advice for improvement in order to provide a better living environment for the children .
one source from the academy stressed : " the difference between children and adults is that children have ' active thought ' but in the past adults have only attempted to understand children from an adult 's perspective .
with the development of the robot , people have made some progress in the research on robot 's study ability and chimpanzees , so people are paying more and more attention to the research on child 's cerebrum . "
complete works of zhu kezhen published
xinhua news agency report of may 3rd from shanghai ( by staff reporter feng yuan ) - this year marks the 30th anniversary of the death of renowned chinese scientist zhu kezhen . the first four volumes of the complete works of zhu kezhen , which collects all the works of this great scientist , have been published by the shanghai scientific and technological education publishing house following three years of compilation work .
the first four volumes of the complete works of zhu kezhen total 2.8-million characters and collect 701 of his manuscripts published between 1916 and 1973 .
among them , the first volume collects his first thesis " the theory of china 's rainfall and storm " , as well as the pioneering textbooks in chinese modern geography and meteorology , " an introduction of geography " and " meteorology " .
the fourth volume collects the famous popular science classic of " phenology " , which he devoted the later years of his life to , and the classic work " a preliminary study on china 's climatic changes over 5000 years " .
as a heavyweight of china 's modern meteorology and geography as well as a renowned educator , zhu kezhen served variously as chairman of the chinese association for sciences , director of the meteorology research institute of the central academy , president of zhejiang university and vice president of the chinese academy of sciences .
he advocated the spirit of seeking truth , paying attention to the relationship between the issues concerning population , resources and environment and the economic society , and has made great contributions to various fields including geography , meteorology , exploration of natural resources , scientific history , science popularization , scientific research management and university education .
people in china 's science and education circles have been calling for fully publicizing zhu kezhen 's academic achievement and spirit of humanity .
in march 2003 , to celebrate zhu kezhen 's 100th birthday , a dozen members of the two academies proposed the publication of " the literary works of zhu kezhen " and they further recommended the compilation of " the complete works of zhu kezhen " .
the compilation of the complete works was listed by the general administration of press and publication as one of the publication project 's key books for the country 's " tenth five-year plan " . some 17 members of the academies have taken part in the compilation work .
the complete works of zhu kezhen is expected to have 20 volumes with a total of 12-million characters .
( social phenomenon ) 70% of pets in harbin undergo caesarean births due to obesity
xinhua news agency report of may 3rd from harbin ( by staff reporters fan yingchun and wang jingchun ) - shortly before the may day holiday , a citizen in harbin surnamed chen brought his beloved little hound to the pet outpatient department of northeast agricultural university for a caesarean operation because the little dog was too obese to give birth to her children .
a doctor in the pet outpatient department said that there were more and more obese pets in the ice city with about 70% of the " pet mothers " needing caesarean operations .
the doctor said that overeating was an important factor contributing to the obesity of pets .
one old man from harbin 's daowai district has two " peking dogs " .
because he is afraid the dogs will go hungry when alone at home , each day before work he will cut three kilograms of fresh beef and pork fat into slices and will place them in a basin for the pets to eat at will .
one year later , the weight of the little dogs , which normally weighs 10 kilograms , had gone up to 25 kilograms .
a child , who came with her " bomei dog " for consultation , said she loved snacks very much but her pet shared almost all snacks with her .
according to a medical examination , the weight of her little dog was four times normal .
pet doctors said lack of exercise was another factor that resulted in obesity for little animals .
under the international standard , if the weight of a dog and a cat exceeds the normal one by 10% - 15% , they are seen as obese , which will directly affect the pets ' health .
because of this , experts have offered their advice that pets should be loved in a scientific way with their diet under proper control and more exercise added to prevent them from becoming " gluttonous and lazy " .
( international ) sri lankan rebels prepared to resume peace talks with government
xinhua news agency report of may 3rd from colombo ( by staff reporter zhang yadong ) - sri lanka 's rebel liberation tigers of tamil eelam said on the 3rd that as soon as the government was ready they would resume peace talks so long as no other conditions were added .
thamilchelvan , the leader of the tigers ' political wing , held talks during the day with the norwegian special peace envoy solheim and the norwegian ambassador to sri lanka on the issue of resuming peace talks with the government .
thamilchelvan told reporters after the meeting that peace talks between the two sides must be based on the proposal the tigers submitted to the sri lankan government at the end of last october regarding the establishment of an interim self-governing authority in northern and eastern sri lanka .
he also said that the tigers had agreed that norway would continue to mediate the sri lankan peace process and the norwegian side would convey the tigers ' stance towards the resumption of peace talks to the sri lankan government .
invited by president kumaratunga , the norwegian government has agreed to continue to do mediation work to bring peace to sri lanka .
norwegian deputy foreign minister helgesen and special envoy solheim arrived here on the 1st to make fresh efforts to facilitate the resumption of the peace talks between the sri lankan government and the tigers .
under norwegian mediation , the sri lankan government and the tigers reached a ceasefire in 2002 and began peace talks in september , but the tigers announced the suspension of the peace talks with the government last april after six rounds of talks .
in early november , kumaratunga made a sudden announcement firing 3 ministers of the former government , including the defense minister . norway suspended the mediation work shortly thereafter .
( culture and entertainment hotline ) irish fever sweeps beijing yet again
xinhua news agency report of may 5th from beijing ( by staff reporters wan yi and ren yi ) - last year 's performance of riverdance in beijing ushered in a wave of irish fever . the wave of irish fever will again return to the stage for this year 's " meet in beijing " series as well as the second beijing international drama festival .
as a key part of the art sector , the irish art festival will come to beijing to show audiences the richness of various irish arts and performances .
although ireland has a small territory , it nevertheless boasts a rich culture .
music and drama have historically been key parts of the irish culture .
during the irish art festival , the chieftains will give a concert . an " irish traditional concert " , the modern classical drama " waiting for godot " , as well as the modern dance number " mermaids " will also all be staged giving chinese audiences the opportunity to savor the attractive traditional irish culture .
the melodious bagpipe in titanic obsessed fans and bagpipe master paddy moloney 's chieftains music band will give a performance on may 9th at beijing 's poly theater .
founded in 1962 , the chieftains have won six grammy prizes in succession .
the classical drama " waiting for godot " will be performed at the grand theater of the beijing people 's art theater on may 13th , 14th and 15th .
a " traditional irish concert " will be staged on may 18th at beijing 's poly theater .
the inspiration for the modern dance number " mermaids " ' comes from andersen 's fairy tale " the little mermaid " . the director uses both the distinctive irish costumes and women 's soft body language to present a unique elaboration on love , desire , feelings , fear , goodness and evil . it will be performed at the small theater of the beijing people 's art theater on may 27th , 28th and 29th .
( international ) last year 's adb loans post record 6 year high
xinhua news agency report of may 4th from manila ( by staff reporter guo chunju ) - the asia development bank 's ( adb ) 2003 annual report issued on the 4th shows that adb 's public and private loans amounted to $ 6.1-billion last year , a record high since 1997 .
the adb report says that last year the bank 's business volume was up 7.6% to reach $ 6.3-billion with loans accounting for 97% of its total business volume .
in addition , adb offered 315 technical aid grants worth $ 177-million last year .
in 2003 , adb offered 85 loans for 66 projects with each worth $ 72-million on average ; this exceeded the average of $ 64-million in 2002 .
a total of 23 developing countries and one regional project have been granted loans .
among the 66 projects , 62 are public loans , of which 39 are for poverty alleviation . adb has offered $ 3-billion to these projects , accounting for 51% of total public loans .
like 2002 , india was still the largest beneficiary of adb loans last year , receiving a total of $ 1.532-billion , which accounted for 25% of adb 's total loans .
india was followed by china , pakistan , bangladesh and sri lanka , whom received loans worth $ 1.488-billion , $ 871-million , $ 532-million and $ 275-million respectively , accounting for 24% , 14% , 9% and 5% of the total loans .
in terms of the projects , the communications and transportation sectors have been granted the most loans , totaling $ 2.578-billion , and accounting for 42% of adb 's total loans .
these were followed by social infrastructure , energy and financial sector , with $ 1.131-billion , $ 757-million and $ 438-million respectively , accounting for 19% , 12% and 8% of the total loans .
china develops new technique to utilize water hyacinth
xinhua news agency report of may 5th from shanghai ( by staff reporter zhang xuequan ) - china 's water hyacinth plant , prevalent in many areas of southern china , is expected to quickly change from trash to treasure .
the technique of secondary fermentation of physical decomposition recently developed successfully by scientists can turn water hyacinth , which reproduces quickly and pollutes the environment , into a rich organic fertilizer in only half an hour .
researchers in shanghai said turning water hyacinth into an organic fertilizer through the technique of secondary fermentation of physical decomposition requires six phases including drying , physical decomposition , grinding , adding supplementary materials , grain forming and examination .
it takes half an hour on average to turn the material into a finished product with no exhaust fumes , wastewater and  or residue through the entire processing procedure .
water hyacinth , which is called the " aquatic overlord " , is the fastest growing and reproducing aquatic plant in the world .
a piece of water hyacinth can double its growing area in 6 days and reproduce 600,000 pieces in 8 months .
it has become a refuse that pollutes the environment as it absorbs a great deal of oxygen in the water , seriously affecting the fishing industry and clogging up rivers .
as water hyacinth absorbs a large amount of nutrition , the organic fertilizers made from it are " useful helpers " in improving the quality of soil .
it 's a brand new technique in the country to turn water hyacinth into an organic fertilizer through secondary fermentation of physical decomposition . a patent of the technique has been applied for .
( international ) italian media highlights premier wen jiabao 's visit to italy
xinhua news agency report of may 6th from rome ( by staff reporter ding ying ) - the italian media on the 6th gave a high level of attention and acclaim to chinese premier wen jiabao 's arrival in rome that day for a formal visit , saying that wen jiabao 's visit was of great significance and would further promote the development of italian-chinese ties .
the corriere della sera carried an article noting that according to authoritative sources , china , " on the path of active development " , had already overtaken japan to become the world 's fifth largest investment country and was becoming a key partner of western countries .
the chinese premier 's visit to italy will surely play an important role in promoting italian-chinese relations and their economic and trade cooperation .
the article pointed out that china is a market with great potential and its economic development has a very broad prospective . the chinese government has made a clear effort and achieved definite gains in protecting intellectual property rights and cracking down on fake products . italian enterprises should thus shake off the misgiving to further strengthen their cooperation with china .
the " il sole  24 ore " has also fully reported premier wen jiabao 's itinerary in italy , saying that the visit is of great importance and " an opportunity not to be missed " . it can further enhance the mutual understanding between italy and china and strengthen the two countries ' cooperative relations in the fields of politics , economy and culture .
the article says premier wen jiabao will attend a seminar on promoting investment between china and italy where he will meet face to face with italian entrepreneurs , a very important step to enhancing the understanding between entrepreneurs of the two countries .
the article points out that china 's healthy economic situation and its great market provide more development opportunities for italian enterprises . the year 2004 is a crucial one . italian enterprises should grasp the opportunity offered by the visit to know more about china and strengthen their cooperation with their chinese counterparts .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hong kong export credit insurance maintains growing momentum
xinhua news agency report of may 6th from hong kong - statistics issued recently by the hong kong special administrative region 's export credit insurance corporation ( ecic ) showed that by the end of this march , the export insurance volume of ecic totaled 24.965-billion hong kong dollars , up 4.6% from the previous year . the total insurance income amounted to 142-million hong kong dollars , up 2.4% compared with the same period last year .
commissioner k.k . cheung of ecic said the increase of the total export insurance volume was not as good as expected .
this was largely because most of those insured by ecic were medium-sized firms while negative economic factors like the us-iraq war as well as sars had had a big impact on export credit insurance .
statistics showed that for insured markets , the united states was still the largest , followed by britain and germany . however under the influence of hong kong 's sluggish exports to the us , the us market saw a decline of 3.4%
the chinese mainland saw an increase of 4.9% due to positive factors such as the " mainland and hong kong 's closer economic partnership arrangement " .
for insured products , clothing was still the biggest insured product followed by electronic products and toys .
as for compensation , the actual compensation amount reached 41.32-million hong kong dollars , up 10% from the previous year .
k.k . cheung said that economic prospects for most regions had been improved or become clearer in 2004 and that world trade was expected to speed up its growth , which was good news for hong kong , an economic system whose economy depends on exports .
he also advised exporters to evaluate their buyers ' repayment ability and to take measures for reducing risks when lending money to buyers , new ones in particular .
( international ) chinese embassy in serbia and montenegro holds mourning service for martyrs passed away 5 years ago
xinhua news agency report of may 7th from belgrade ( by staff reporters yang chengming and ma zhen ) - on the morning of the 7th , staff members of the chinese embassy in serbia and montenegro , as well as resident chinese reporters , chinese expatriates and some local friends laid wreathes at the ruins of the chinese embassy to deeply mourn the three chinese martyrs who died in a us bombing five years ago .
in a speech , chinese ambassador to serbia and montenegro , li guobang , said that the three martyrs , shao yunhuan , xu xinghu and zhu ying , had devoted their lives to peace and justice . they were excellent chinese journalists and examples to be followed by other chinese working abroad .
we should follow the martyrs ' lofty patriotism to be loyal to the motherland and the people forever and to place the interests of the motherland and the people first .
li guobang said that the great motherland would be our powerful backing and the source of our strength . let 's closely unite around the central committee of the party with hu jintao as the general secretary and turn our inspiring patriotism and our memory of the martyrs into a powerful driving force to contribute more to the motherland 's modernization construction drive .
the united states launched missile attacks on the chinese embassy in serbia and montenegro late in the night of may 7th , 1999 , seriously damaging the embassy , and injuring over 20 staff members . three journalists , shao yunhuan , xu xinghu and zhu ying were among the dead .
the us move grossly violated the basic laws of the international relations , triggering massive indignation from the chinese people and a strong condemnation from the international community .
( international ) annan reaffirms support for investigation into " oil-for-food " program corruption
xinhua news agency report of may 7th from the united nations ( by staff reporter guo lijun ) - un secretary-general kofi annan reaffirmed through his spokesman on the 7th that the un will fully support the investigation into corruption in the " oil-for-food " program .
un spokesman eckhard told reporters today that annan had welcomed a recent statement issued by the independent panel chairman whom he had commissioned , paul volcker , the former chairmen of the us federal reserve board , and that he had fully accepted the panel 's investigation arrangements .
annan reiterated that all un staff must fully cooperate with the investigation and any un staff member found accountable for the corruption would not escape punishment .
eckhard said that annan earnestly hoped the inquiry would be successfully completed as soon as possible so that the world would be able to know the truth .
in his recent statement , volcker said that his panel 's investigative work had met with the full support of the un and was proceeding smoothly . annan had made positive arrangement to ensure that the un staff would cooperate with the investigation .
he said that as the investigation proceeds , the panel would consider making public relevant un documents when it deemed appropriate .
the " oil-for-food " program , which began operating in 1996 , allowed iraq to use a portion of its oil revenues to purchase emergency food , medicines and oil producing equipment .
under un resolutions , the program expired in november last year .
during the 7 years the program was underway , the un had overseen the importation to iraq of various kinds of necessities and goods worth up to $ 39-billion .
( international ) popular science : new search engine " knowitall "
xinhua news agency report of may 8th from beijing - when faced with too much information on the internet to handle , search engines can offer help .
but current search engines can only " find out " pre-existing information .
us researchers are currently developing a new search engine able to search for questions like " name the top 50 singers according to sales " and then able to " re-edit " the information .
researchers from the university of washington said using current search engines to solve the above-mentioned problem involves a lot of drudgework because a client had to first search for the sales of the records or information about the singer and then had to personally compile the data after visiting a large amount of websites .
the new search engine can trawl the web for data and then collate it in the form of a list . all the client needs to do is to click the mouse to get access to the various " detailed information " .
according to a report on the new scientist website on may 8th , the new search engine has been named " knowitall " .
the new search technique is " unique " , says its developer , oren etzioni , because the information it provides is not links to relevant websites . instead it generates processed information that " probably does not exist on any single web page . "
etzioni said the new search engine 's ultimate aim is to smoothly answer questions such as " list all british scientists born before 1900 " .
the us defense department 's defense advanced research projects agency and google have reportedly shown deep interest in this new technique and are actively providing funding for the project .
( international ) syria calls on israel to withdraw from occupied arab land
xinhua news agency report of may 8th from cairo ( by staff reporters xin jianqiang and wang hao ) - syria 's foreign minister al-shara stressed on the 8th in the egyptian capital of cairo that israel must strictly abide by the relevant un security council resolutions and withdraw from all occupied arab land .
speaking in an interview with xinhua news agency prior to his attendance at an arab league foreign ministers ' meeting , al-shara said that middle-eastern peace , security and stability could only be realized after israel withdrew from all the arab land it had occupied in the six day war in 1967 .
al-shara said that if israel would withdraw its troops in a serious and credible way , then there was a great possibility that peace could be realized in the middle east .
however , if israel continued to adopt a policy of suppressing the palestinian people , placing obstacles to efforts to realize the peace in the middle east , then the regional situation would further deteriorate and there would be a slim prospect for regional security and stability .
" all the arab people have reached out a hand of peace . the 2002 arab league leaders ' summit in beirut made peace with israel a strategic choice of the arab nations but it definitely does not mean that the arab nations will sacrifice their rights to taking back all the occupied land , " al-shara said , discussing the possibility of a lasting and comprehensive peace agreement between arab countries and israel
the three-day arab league foreign ministers ' meeting opened on the 8th at the arab league 's headquarters in cairo .
the meeting was to prepare for the arab league leaders ' summit to be convened later this month in tunisia .
( sports ) li xiaopeng number one in latest fig parallel bars rankings
xinhua news agency report of may 10th from beijing ( by staff reporter li li ) - in the latest apparatus men and women 's world rankings issued on the international gymnastics federation 's official website , li xiaopeng still tops the men 's parallel bars , with only one other chinese gymnast , huang xu , making the top three .
after the closing of the 2004 european gymnastic championships last week , the international gymnastics federation updated 10 men and women 's rankings per apparatus .
li xiaopeng still tops the men 's parallel bars with an overwhelming 350 points , leading the second place gymnast by 93.9 points . huang xu ranks third with 199.5 points .
li xiaopeng ranks fifth in his strong point of vault , with lu bin ranking fourth .
meanwhile , xiao qin and teng haibin rank fourth and sixth respectively in the world pommels horse rankings .
no chinese gymnast ranks in the top three of the women 's four individual events . the top chinese gymnast in the world rankings is fan yue , winner of the balance beam event at last year 's world championships , who is currently fourth in the balance beam , followed by sun xiaojiao at sixth .
china 's top gymnast zhang nan ranks ninth in floor exercise .
european gymnasts still dominate the heights of the world top 10 rankings per apparatus .
among them , russian gymnastic " empress " khorkina , who recently won another uneven bars gold in the european gymnastic championships , still tops the uneven bars .
uzbekistan 's chusovitina remains on top in the women 's vault . brazil 's santos and romania 's ponor top the floor exercise and balance beam world rankings respectively .
bulgaria 's veteran jovtchev still tops the men 's floor exercise and rings while slovenia 's pegan , romania 's urzica and poland 's blanik top the men 's high bar , pommels horse and vault respectively .
( international ) spanish newspaper says former government overlooked " 3.11 " warnings
xinhua news agency report of may 10th from madrid - spain 's " el pa��s " editorialized on the 10th that the former aznare government should take full responsibility for the " 3.11 " terrorist attacks in madrid given that security and intelligence departments had issued several terrorist warnings to then prime minister aznare prior to the incident .
a commentary carried by " el pa��s " noted that the spanish intelligence service as well as the hague-based european police station had issued several terror warnings to aznare 's government prior to the bombings on march 11th , and had indicated that terrorists were likely to launch attacks in lightly guarded madrid .
the commentary said that similar warnings dated back to as early as may last year when a suicide bombing attack took place in morocco 's northeastern port city of casablanca , killing 45 people including 4 spanish .
from 1999 to this year , spanish intelligence personnel had presented several written reports to aznare 's government , saying terrorists were likely to use spain as a bridge and buffer zone for africa to europe movement .
the article added that the aznare government 's response had only been to add dozens of security personnel to investigate terrorist organizations .
the article also cited the various security warnings aznare 's government had received over the past year . among these : in june 2003 , the spanish intelligence service warned in a report that the bombing in casablanca " indicated madrid was facing a big threat " ; in october of the same year , another report pointed out the " al-qaeda " organization led by bin laden would take actions against spain 's center madrid in retaliation for the iraq war .
china 's total sales volume of capital goods expected to reach 9 trillion yuan
xinhua news agency report of may 11th from beijing ( by staff reporter zhang duo ) - according to a prediction by china 's distribution information center , the total sales volume of capital goods in the first quarter of this year reached 2-trillion yuan in china , up 22.5% compared with the same period last year .
the total sales volume of china 's capital goods this year is expected to reach 9 trillion yuan , up 20% compared with the same period last year ( calculated by comparable price ) , a record high in both scope and scale of increase .
experts from china distribution information center said one major factor that spurred a fast growth in the sales of capital goods was that the accelerated development of china 's national economy prompted rising demand for infrastructure raw materials .
between january and february this year , the industrial output sales volume , under the current prices , was up 28.9% compared with the same period last year , with the heavy industrial sales volume up by as much as 33.9% . fixed assets investment during the same period also increased by 32.8% .
another factor was a big rise in import trades , particularly a nearly 60% surge in imports .
the rapid increase of import not only resulted in a great surge in the total sales volume of capital goods , but also marginally increased the share of imported goods ' in the domestic market .
this round of price hike was mainly in essential energy and raw materials like finished oil , natural rubber , steel and pig iron .
in addition to a rise in demand , a short supply of resources , and a push by surging prices in the international market , such factors as capital speculation , marketing manipulation as well as consumers ' favor of a price rise instead of a price decline also contributed a lot to the surging prices .
experts said china 's capital goods market would maintain a strong supply and demand momentum this year . based on the current trend , the total sales volume of capital goods was expected to reach 9 trillion yuan this year .
experts also pointed out some problems existing in the current capital goods market : the price rise of certain capital goods have exceeded the normal range , and an extraordinary sales surge could have adverse impact on the market order and economic stability .
( international ) wedding gifts for spain 's crown prince include music , bronze bell and donkeys
xinhua news agency report of may 10th from madrid - spain 's crown prince felipe will marry journalist letizia ortiz on the 22nd of this month .
the gifts that the couple-to-be have received include many " valuables " : a symphony , a huge bronze bell and a pair of donkeys .
the crown prince and his fianc��e received a symphony written especially for the wedding by spain 's pop musician nacho cano on the 10th .
the nine-minute piece named " music for a wedding " was played for the couple-to-be for the first time at city hall by the royal theater symphony orchestra .
in addition to the romantic music , the wedding gifts also include a 1.3-ton bronze bell presented by the government of spain 's northern cantabria autonomous region .
but what attracts people most is a pair of donkeys presented by pascual roviera , president of spain 's association for the defense of donkeys .
the donkey is an endangered species in spain . the pair of donkeys presented to the crown prince are named ruisenor and calandria , whose " parents " were the pair given to felipe 's sisters , princesses elena and cristina , as gifts when they married in 1990s .
the 31-year-old bride used to be a renowned journalist on spain 's tve . she will marry 36-year-old crown prince felipe on the 22nd this month to become spain 's first princess from outside the royal family .
great breakthroughs made in key technologies of ecological and economic system reconstruction in the three gorges dam area
xinhua news agency report of may 11th from chongqing ( by staff reporters zhu bin and deng li ) - great breakthroughs have been made in a number of key technologies in the ecological and economic system reconstruction of the three gorges dam area , offering firm technological backing to the ecological environment 's safety as well as economic development in the three gorges dam area .
this information was released to the press recently in chongqing at a meeting confirming and accepting the project regarding " the study and demonstration of key technologies of the ecological environment safety and economic system reconstruction in the three gorges dam area " , one of the key technological projects included in the nation 's " tenth-five year plan " .
the leader of the project , dai sirui , from southwest agricultural university , said the project involved the study and demonstration of key technologies of people 's working and living , ecological problems , city waste water and garbage disposal , landslide monitoring warning , pasture and husbandry sectors ' development , advantageous and unique sector 's development , and ecological and economic system reconstruction after the three gorges dam conserved water .
currently , 37 projects have yielded great achievements and 24 patent applications have been applied for . major achievements include the 2-dimentional water quality model and the water environmental capacity model , waste water and garbage disposal techniques for small cities , as well as landslide disaster analysis and evaluation and computerized prediction model .
some of these technological achievements have already been applied to a number of on-going projects in the dam area 's ecological and economic reconstruction .
the expert evaluation panel , including professor chen huanchun from huazhong agricultural university who was also a member of the academy of engineering , said research of these key technologies had reached an advanced level domestically and some were leading the world level , which offered firm technological backing to the ecological environment as well as the social and economic development of the three gorges dam area .
some 384 scientific professionals from 4 domestic universities and 8 scientific research institutions , including southwest agricultural university and chongqing university , have taken part in the project .
us seagram company and chongqing sanmu corporation have also participated in the project , which has improved the technological applicability .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) tang jiaxuan says central government will , as before , exhaust all powers to support hong kong 's stability and development
xinhua news agency report of may 12th from beijing ( by staff reporter zhu huaying ) - meeting with a delegation of the federation of hong kong industries led by andrew leung at a meeting on the 12th in beijing 's great hall of the people , state councilor tang jiaxuan noted that currently the economic situation in hong kong has seen some recovery and people from all walks of life should concentrate on developing the economy and improving people 's livelihood .
the central government will , as before , exhaust all powers to support hong kong 's stability and development .
tang jiaxuan said the federation of hong kong industries was one of the key groups in hong kong 's industrial and commercial sector and also one of the industrial and commercial groups within hong kong 's legislative council . it serves as an important communication channel between the hong kong government and the industrial and commercial sector .
for a long time , the federation of hong kong industries has offered advice and policies for hong kong 's industrial development and actively supports the special administrative region 's ( sar ) government rule according to laws . it has also developed positive actions to promote hong kong 's economic prosperity and maintain hong kong 's social stability .
tang jiaxuan pointed out that maintaining hong kong 's long-term prosperity and stability was in the interest of both the 6.8 million hong kong patriots as well as the people of the whole country , and required the joint efforts of all the hong kong patriots , including hong kong 's industrial and commercial sector .
tang jiaxuan said he was fully confident that hong kong patriots , under the leadership of the sar government led by tung chee-hwa , would grasp the opportunities and overcome the difficulties to greet a brighter future .
( international ) russian state duma approves nomination of fradkov as prime minister
xinhua news agency report of may 12th from moscow ( by staff reporter song shiyi ) - russia 's state duma , or the lower house of parliament , voted by 356 to 72 with eight abstentions on the 12th to approve president putin 's nomination of fradkov as the prime minister .
under relevant laws , only half of the state duma members ' support is needed for the approval and passage of the russian president 's nomination of a new prime minister .
therefore , the cabinet led by fradkov will continue its work .
speaking to the duma before the vote , fradkov vowed that the new government 's current direction would be maintained because it was a long-term policy .
he said president putin 's second term would provide new opportunities for economic development breakthroughs . the president had set the government 's major target to turn accumulated potentials to fresh development driving forces .
the government 's task was to find ways to reach the target in order to realize fast economic development .
fradkov pointed out that one of the government 's tasks was to raise people 's living standards by taking specific and realistic measures to improve housing , health and education .
in march this year putin dissolved the government ahead of russia 's presidential elections and named fradkov as the prime minister of a new government .
under russia 's relevant laws , after the inauguration of the new president , the former prime minister , deputy prime minister and ministers should collectively resign to allow the president to form a new government . the president is supposed to present a new prime minister to the state duma within two weeks .
after putin 's inauguration for the second term as president on the 7th this month , fradkov required a collective resignation on behalf of the government .
putin has said from the beginning that after his re-election the cabinet led by fradkov would be re-named after going through its resignation procedure as required by law .
( international ) loss in ukraine ammunition depot blast may exceed $ 1 billion
xinhua news agency report of may 12th from kiev ( by staff reporter zhao yu ) - ukraine 's prosecutor general vasilyev said on the 12th that according to official figures , economic loss from the " 275 " ammunition depot blast in the state of zaporizhya has reached 2.3-billion hryvnia ( about $ 430-million ) , but some experts believe the loss could exceed $ 1-billion .
vasilyev told a press conference that the blast was caused by extreme irresponsibility of certain people in their work and that the three people directly linked to the accident had already been arrested .
" several staff members of the unity company ( which is responsible for destroying the ammunitions ) were dismantling some shells with the help of seven soldiers when one of them began smoking . when he found another man coming over , he put the cigarette under a box of ammunition , which caused the accident , " vasilyev said , unveiling further details of the blast .
the information bureau of ukraine 's procuratorate general said on the 12th that a fire was also triggered last summer by improper handling of the ammunition in the military unit which owned the " 275 " ammunition depot , but military leaders had not taken any precautionary measures after the accident .
an explosion occurred on the 6th this month at the " 275 " ammunition depot in the city of melitopol , in ukraine 's southeastern zaporizhya state , killing five people .
the depot had a large reserves of shells . the blast was so powerful that shrapnel flew 10 kilometers away .
nearly 10-thousand residents in 15 nearby villages were emergency evacuated on the 6th by the local government , which also dispatched armored vehicles with firefighters to the scene to put out the fire .
so far , the blast fire has not stopped in the depot , but it is not so powerful and is in intermittence .
( sports ) tunisia still bidding for 2010 world cup
xinhua news agency report of may 13th from tunisia ( by reporter zhang youhao ) - " tunisia has not given up its bid for the 2010 world cup . the recent reports about it are not true , " tunisian football association information officer shalvas told a xinhua reporter in a telephone interview on the 13th .
after fifa decided to hold the 2010 world cup in africa , tunisia formally presented its bid in may 2003 and then offered the idea of co-hosting the game with libya in order that the two countries could " share their own advantages " .
however , fifa president blatter has made it clear several times that japan and south korea 's co-hosting is only an exception and fifa will not consider the issue of co-hosting in the future .
shalvas said over the phone that the tunisian football association had sent a letter to the fifa solely to explain its stance on the bid and had not announced its withdrawal from the competition .
he also revealed that the president of the tunisian football association , ben ammar , was now in zurich , switzerland to make the last efforts for tunisia 's bid .
according to tunisia 's daily newspaper on the 13th , tunisia 's current stance is still to co-host the game with libya as fifa rules do n't forbid co-hosting and there has been the precedent of japan and south korea .
over the past two months , tunisian media have not reported on the bid for the 2010 world cup , with only a little coverage on it being seen in the past two days .
the headline of a relevant report in the private daily times on the 13th reads " two days away from the zurich voting : a battle between south africa and morocco " .
such reports were unexpected to tunisian readers but it is obvious that the newspaper is trying to tell its readers that tunisia is already out of the competition of bidding for the 2010 world cup .
( international ) uk education exports make big profits
xinhua news agency report of may 13th from london - according to a report in the uk 's times newspaper , a study by the british council predicts international students in uk higher education will help the country to increase the current income of 3-billion pounds to 16-billion pounds a year by 2020 .
another government-funded research project shows that education has become one of the most important export industries in the uk .
the report says that currently the uk earns 11-billion pounds annually from education exports , which places education in the same league as exports of oil and financial services .
in terms of contribution to the national economy , education exports are also slightly ahead of the auto industry as well as the food beverage and tobacco industries .
in addition , the volume of education exports exceeds that of ships , aircraft and computer service exports by a big margin .
at present , some 270,000 foreign students are enrolled in uk universities .
researchers say the total number of foreign students in the uk could rise to 511,000 by 2020 if britain maintains its present track record for recruitment .
however , the number of foreign students will rise to 400,000 by 2010 and to 870,000 in 2020 if british universities are promoted more aggressively in fast-growing new markets .
researchers say britain scored well on " attractiveness factors " for foreign students because its degrees are regarded as high quality and offering good employment prospects .
in addition , foreign students also feel britain is a safe country with an attractive lifestyle as well .
business studies are the most popular courses , followed by those in the fields of art and humanities , computer science and engineering and technology .
central bank official : china 's monetary credit policy to have clear effect after second quarter
xinhua news agency report of may 14th from beijing ( by staff reporters zhang jianping and du yu ) - in a recent interview with media organizations including the xinhua news agency , an official from the people 's bank of china said that china 's macroeconomic regulations were working well and the growth rate of monetary credit was slowing down .
the monetary credit policy is expected to have a clearer effect at the end of the second quarter and in the third quarter .
sources say the growth rate of china 's monetary credit reached its peak between june and august last year , with june and july seeing a growth of 23.2% and 23.4% respectively . it reached a peak of 23.9% in august .
with the appearance of a series of macroeconomic regulations and their effective implementation , the growth rate of monetary credit dropped to 21.1% at the end of last year . it declined to 20.1% at the beginning of this year and is at 19.9% currently .
the official said that since last year the central government had requested a strengthening of macroeconomic regulation but due to the misunderstanding of some local governments and firms the first quarter of the year still saw an obvious surge in new projects and a comparatively large amount of fixed assets investment , resulting in a fast growth in monetary credit .
china 's economy is like a fast-moving vehicle in an expressway . " slow braking " is the only way to strengthen the monetary credit regulation so as to avoid abrupt ups and downs .
the central bank has introduced a number of policies recently . the comprehensive utilization of various monetary policies is identical to the aforementioned " slow braking " currently required for macroeconomic regulation .
the official pointed out that one of the features of the monetary policy was that it would take some time before the effects of such a policy appeared and it should be noted that the monetary regulation measures had played their due role and would continue to make an effect over time .
big fire in lhasa 's laru wetland causes no human or animal casualties
xinhua news agency report of may 15th from lhasa ( by staff reporter gamaduoji ) - a big fire occurred on the afternoon of the 14th in the laru wetland , a natural reserve under state protection in tibet 's lhasa . no human or animal casualties were reported during the big fire .
some 1.5 square kilometers of the grassland were engulfed by fire , accounting for 24% of the wetlands ' total area .
sources told reporters that a big fire took place at about 3:00pm on the 14th in lhasa 's laru wetland . it took firefighters from the armed police nearly 3 hours to put out the fire .
the head of the laru wetland administration , qoizhag , said the laru wetland was the world 's highest and largest urban natural wetland . it was also the only natural wetland in the country 's inland cities , covering an area of 6.2 square kilometers , accounting for 11.7% of lhasa 's total area .
there is a population of about 1,200 who live on the wetland by herding . they are mainly farmers and herdsmen from the towns of laru and barkoo , with the wetland their natural pasture to live on .
investigation shows that the fire has not caused any human or animal casualties .
sources say the laru wetland used to cover an area of 10 square kilometers but has shrunk dramatically since the 1960s due to human occupation and damage .
in order to protect the laru wetland , the government of the tibet autonomous region approved the establishment of a natural protected reserve . since then , water coverage of the wetland has increased by over 50,000 square meters and more than 7,500 trees have been planted .
according to experts , the laru wetland is able to absorb 78,800 tons of carbon dioxide and produce 53,700 tons of oxygen each year . it is called the " lungs " of lhasa city .
the secretary of lhasa 's environmental protection bureau , jiang bai , said that from an ecological perspective , the fire would not have any great impact on the wetland 's environment despite the fact that a large area of it was engulfed by the fire . in a sense , the burned reed would become useful fertilizer to plants .
jiang bai said the fire at the laru wetland indicated some loopholes in the management and lessons should be learned to further strengthen the management of the wetland .
( international ) simvastatin may cure multiple sclerosis
xinhua news agency report of may 14th from london ( by staff reporter cao lijun ) - american researchers say in a report in the latest lancet magazine that cholesterol-lowering drugs , which were often used to treat heart disease , could help to curb the brain lesions of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) patients , bringing some hope to them .
simvastatin is a cholesterol-lowering statin drug often used for treating heart disease .
during the experiment , researchers from the medical university of south carolina gave 30 ms patients daily doses of simvastatin .
half a year later , these patients had a 40% reduction in brain lesions .
human nerve cells have many limb-shaped nerve fibers .
such fibers , like intricate electrical wires , make up a complicated network in the nerve center .
nerve fibers are coated with a substance called " myelin " .
myelin can not only protect the " nerve electrical wires " from short circuit like the plastic coating of an electrical wire , but also can speed up the conduction of nerve signals .
when myelin loses its sheath , the scars will result in sclerosis . with the development of the disease , new scleromas may appear . as a result , it is called multiple sclerosis .
patients ' symptoms vary due to the difference of the falling myelin in the nerve tissues . impaired vision , balance problem and tremors may be some of the symptoms .
the cause of the disease is still unknown .
researchers speculate that immune cells , called t cells , can secrete inflammatory molecules .
these molecules eat away the myelin outside the nerve cells .
however , in tissue culture studies , statin drugs can effectively slow t-cell proliferation to curb nerve lesions .
the report also points out that in terms of brain repair , statins appear to rival the beta interferon , but their price is only 1  10 of the latter .
in addition , statins are easier to use : they can be swallowed , whereas beta interferon has to be injected .
tibetan dactylology successfully developed
xinhua news agency report of may 15th from lhasa ( by staff reporter yan yuanyuan ) - a tibetan dactylology system has been successfully developed and spread among the deaf people of tibet recently . it is the first sign language system of a minority ethnicity in china .
it took three years for the disabled association of the tibet autonomous region and relevant international organizations for the disabled to complete the tibetan dactylology system , which comprises more than 700 standard basic signs and offers great convenience for communication among deaf-mutes in tibet .
according to the manager of the tibetan dactylology project , jiang shen , the tibetan dactylology was collected from deaf people in tibetan , not created , so it is easy to learn , comprehend and use .
the project panel set up a deaf club , with its four key members responsible for collecting , unifying and standardizing the natural sign language used by the deaf in daily life .
then a painter turned the collected sign language to images with tibetan language explanations .
it was finalized after a trial use by the deaf .
currently , the first and second volumes of the tibetan dactylology have been published by the project panel .
starting this may , the project panel will go to xigaze , shannan and nyingchi for research . they will popularize the dactylology among the local deaf population while collecting the sign language used by farmers and herdsmen .
jiang shen said sign language , like spoken language , has many dialects and there is no unified sign language yet in the world .
under the influence of local culture and customs , a unique sign language is used by nearly 30,000 deaf people in tibet . not only does this sign language differ from chinese dactylology , but there are even various signs across different regions in tibet .
with the exception of most verbs and a small number of nouns , the tibetan dactylology is very similar to the sign language used in the chinese mainland .
agricultural bank of china establishes regional cooperative operations mechanism in " yangtze river delta "
xinhua news agency report of may 16th from shanghai ( by staff reporters luo weiqi and he dong ) - the agricultural bank of china is to set up a regional cooperative operations mechanism in the yangtze river delta , a strategic decision recently made at the bank 's first " yangtze river delta 16 city joint meeting towards cooperative development " in shanghai .
according to statistics , by the end of last year , the agricultural bank 's deposit money , loans and business turnover in the yangtze river delta region accounted for 22% , 21% and 38% respectively of its national total .
the president of the agricultural bank , yang mingsheng , said that with the speeding up of economic integration in the yangtze river delta , the region had formed many favorable conditions like a fast economic transition , and more market-orientated and standardized government management . a healthy and sound environment and conditions are available for the regional cooperative development of the branches of the agricultural bank .
source say the regional coordination mechanism of the agricultural bank include :
wetlands in arid and semi-arid areas of northwest china deteriorating
xinhua news agency report of may 17th from lanzhou ( by staff reporter song changqing ) - rivers are drying , lakes are shrinking and soil faces desertification . after a study of domestic data , li jing and other researchers from shanxi normal university 's tourism and environmental college say that wetlands in the arid and semi-arid areas in northwest china are facing various dangers of deterioration .
li jing said that the arid and semi-arid areas in the northwest cover all of xinjiang , most parts of qinghai , gansu and ningxia as well as northwest shanxi .
among them wetlands in xinjiang and qinghai account for 20.9% and 4.31% respectively of the country 's total wetland area . they mainly fall into the categories of lake , river , swamp and artificial wetlands .
li jing said that currently the deterioration of the arid and semi-arid wetlands in the northwest included five types : rivers ' drying up , lake and wetlands shrinkage , the salination of wetland water , and dried-up wetlands developing into deserts .
the desert around qinghai lake is increasing at an average of 10.12 square kilometers annually . dunes , in particular , on the western bank of the lake came into being over the last decade and have become an area with the fastest desertification . the wetland 's ecological system has been damaged with the biological diversity decreasing .
the malfunction of the wetland 's ecological adjustment function also indicates its deterioration .
wetlands , which are called the " lungs " of the earth , have the powerful function and benefit of regulating the ecological environment .
researches found that the damaged wetlands could result in a malfunction of the ecological regulation function . the shrinkage of the aibi lake has led to the tendency of more storms .
li jing said that wetlands in the northwest not only account for a large proportion of china 's wetlands but were mainly located in sensitive areas like headwater areas , oases , riversides and inland lakes . under natural and human influences , they are not easily recoverable once damaged .
more attention should be paid to the deterioration of these wetlands .
( international ) british hsbc branches in turkey bombed
xinhua news agency report of may 16th from ankara - on the eve of british prime minister blair 's visit to turkey , four small homemade bombs exploded outside four branches of the british bank hsbc on the night of the 16th in ankara and istanbul . the blasts caused little damage and no casualties .
turkey 's anatolia news agency reported that two branches of the british bank hsbc in turkey 's financial center istanbul were attacked by bombs at about 10:30pm .
soon thereafter another two branches of the bank in turkey 's capital ankara were also bombed . police suspect that one of the bombs exploded under the car of one of the bank 's staff members .
fortunately , the four explosions were not powerful , only shattering the windows of the bank .
so far , no group or individual has claimed responsibility for the series of bombings .
police have hauled away the damaged car and there is no indication that the turkish security departments have raised their threat level .
according to his schedule , blair will pay a six-hour " blitz " visit to turkey on the 17th .
during the visit , he will meet with turkish president sezer and prime minister erdogan .
sources say blair is likely to reiterate britain 's stance of supporting turkey 's eu entry and will hold talks with turkish leaders on the situation in iraq and the middle east .
several explosions occurred outside the hsbc bank headquarters in istanbul and near the british consulate general on november 20th , 2003 , which killed 27 people including the then british consul general roger short and injured more than 400 others .
beijing auto production and sales see month on month growth
xinhua news agency report of may 17th from beijing ( by staff reporter wang wei ) - auto production and sales in beijing have seen an overall growing trend month by month .
between january and april , a total of 186,000 and 176,404 autos were produced and sold , up 81.4% and 73.7% respectively over the same period last year . 83,487 and 7,4870 more autos were produced and sold compared with the same period last year .
sources from the beijing development and reform commission said on the 17th that a distinctive characteristic of the beijing auto industry 's production and sales was that new products of several major firms had seen different growth .
beijing jeep corporation 's new products , including the outlander , are selling very well in the market , with supply falling short of demand . in april , it produced and sold 4,539 and 4,520 autos , up 221% and 219% over the same period last year . its new product outlander accounts for 50.4% of the sales . between january and april , the company sold 12,266 autos , up 286% over same period last year , reclaiming after five years the top position in the country 's suv market .
with the introduction of its new product elantra , beijing hyundai corporation saw a surge in production and sales . between january and april , 34,800 and 33,510 autos were produced and sold , up 172.6% and 192% over the same period last year , with elantra accounting for 52.5% . the new product 's key role is very clear .
while continuing to consolidate sales of its traditional light-duty trucks , beijing futian vehicle corporation has also made some progress in the marketing of its heavy-duty trucks . it grasped the peak business period to promote brand sales . in april , it produced and sold 36,980 and 35,816 autos respectively , up 72.6% and 58.1% over the same period last year .
the production and sales volume of the heavy-duty truck series has made some breakthroughs to reach 4,419 and 3,918 , up 86% and 64% over same period last year .
in the first quarter , the total output of beijing 's auto industry reached 10.2-billion yuan , up 65.85% over same period last year . industrial added value totaled 1.774-billion yuan , up 111.23% over same period last year . sales volume amounted to 10.14-billion yuan , up 93.66% over same period last year .
scholars stress that the chinese government and people share same stance on the top issue regarding reunification of the motherland
xinhua news agency report of may 18th from beijing ( by staff reporters chen binhua , zhu huaying and chen jianxing ) - the director of the taiwan research institute of the chinese academy of social sciences , yu keli , says the government and people share the same stance on top issues regarding the resolution of the taiwan issue , the development of cross-straits relations , and the reunification of the motherland .
whoever they are in the mainland : scholars , people working on taiwan affairs or ordinary people , their stances are the same . there is no difference between the so-called " hawks " or " pigeons " .
yu keli made the remark in response to a related question .
in response to a question regarding whether the mainland favors " war " or " peace " , sun shengliang said that as long as the taiwan authority recognized the " one china " policy , then mainland-based taiwan issue experts and scholars all agreed that the many issues that taiwan was concerned about could be resolved in negotiation , but if the big event of " taiwan independence " took place , then all were " hawks " .
xu bodong said to pro-independence activists , we were " hawks " , but to taiwan people , we were " pigeons " .
if those who advocate " taiwan independence " change their minds , they are welcomed .
scholars all stressed that on the issues of " one china " stance and safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity , the chinese government had never been vague in its guiding policies , but under the " one china " policy , all issues could be discussed between the two sides .
the " may 17 authorized statement " issued by the taiwan work office of the central committee of the communist party of china and the taiwan affairs office of the state council has reiterated it thoroughly and clearly .
giant red tide found in east china sea
xinhua news agency report of may 18th from shanghai ( by staff reporters ye guobiao and zhang jiansong ) - a report issued by the east china sea section of the state oceanic administration says air and marine monitoring patrols spotted a red tide on the 17th measuring a total of 3,900 square kilometers in the seas off central and southern zhejiang .
the director of the environmental protection division of the state oceanic administration 's east china sea section , yuan ding , says red tides in the east china sea peak between may and june every year .
since the end of this april , several red tides have been spotted in the east china sea , spreading from the fujian coastal area to the sea off zhejiang . red tides in the seas near zhongjieshan and yushan islands measured 2,000 and 1,000 square kilometers respectively .
according to a report on the 17th by the zhejiang marine monitoring and forecast center , there is still a red tide measuring about 700 square kilometers around the yushan islands with the center of the red tide 10 meters thick .
analysis shows the major red tide is the nonpoisonous east china sea prorocentrum .
a red tide covering an area of about 200 square kilometers has been found off the coast of nanji in wenzhou .
a red tide measuring around 500 square kilometers has been spotted five kilometers west off the coast of shengshan and the gouqi island .
the important breeding grounds in xiangshan bay have not witnessed any gigantic red tide although a small area of dotted and stripped red tide has been discovered .
experts say the red tide around the yushan islands in zhejiang is gradually disappearing .
however , as the red tide is reaching its peak in the east china sea , this area may see red tide again if weather and marine conditions permit .
in addition , due to the influence of the weather , the red tide in this area has the tendency of moving towards the coastal area , which is likely to affect the coastal aquaculture area .
the director of the east china sea section of the state oceanic administration , zhang youfen , said red tide is a common incident in the international marine environment . its impacts can be confined to the smallest scope if strict monitoring , warning and precautionary measures are taken . any panic is unnecessary .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hong kong international airport 's air cargo volume expected to rise 6% annually
xinhua news agency report of may 18th from hong kong ( by staff reporter su xiao ) - the executive president of the hong kong airport management bureau , peng dingzhong , said on the 18th that hong kong must improve its logistics efficiency continuously if it is to maintain its role as the air cargo hub of southern china .
in the long term , the air cargo volume at hong kong international airport is expected to rise 6% annually while the growth of express cargo delivery may reach up to 13% .
attending an international logistics conference , peng dingzhong said that the most important task was to strengthen the links between hong kong and the pearl river delta , simplify import and export procedures , and to strengthen the cooperative ties with airports in the mainland , especially cooperation with airports in the pearl river delta .
peng dingzhong pointed out that the consignees were most concerned about such factors as cargo transportation , reliability , delivery efficiency and cost-effectiveness .
the hong kong international airport currently has advantages in these areas but it must keep on working for improvement to give full play to the current combination effect .
he said the hong kong special administrative region 's government had adopted an open civil aviation transportation policy , which would help expand the presently broad international air cargo network and promote economic growth in hong kong and even the pearl river delta .
the hong kong international airport is also actively expanding the market in the pearl river delta and exploring ways of cooperating with airports in the region to make delivery smoother �� reduce the overall costs , and improve efficiency .
he said the mainland 's international air cargo volume was expected to see a double digit rise annually and hong kong would take a share of the expanded market , which would benefit the entire society as well .
the logistics sector is one of the four major pillars of hong kong 's economy .
the air cargo volume of the hong kong international airport totaled 2.64-million tons in 2003 , up 6.6% over 2002 , with 70% of the cargo coming from the pearl river delta .
( press clippings ) wang xizhi 's " sangluan tie " " back home for a visit " after drifting abroad for over 1,300 years
xinhua news agency report of may 19th from beijing - according to the shanghai wen hui pao newspaper , the shanghai museum and japan 's tokyo national museum will hold an important joint art exhibition in shanghai in 2006 .
what attracts the greatest attention among the exhibits is certainly the chinese calligraphy god wang xizhi 's " sangluan tie " , which has been part of the secret collections of japan 's royal palace for more than one-thousand years .
this will be the first time for " sangluan tie " to return home for a visit after drifting abroad for over 1,300 years .
" sangluan tie " was written in running hand and cursive script on white hemp paper , 28.7 centimeters long and 63 centimeters wide .
it was introduced into japan as early as the tang dynasty . some experts say it was taken into japan by the famous monk of the tang dynasty , jianzhen .
" sangluan tie " was written in eight rows . it reads : " xizhi kowtows : the ancestors ' tombs have been destroyed again in the chaos caused by war . it really hurts me , but what can i do ! although it has been repaired , i am not allowed to go there . my grief is so deep , but what can i do ! facing the piece of paper , i sobbed and do n't know what to write ! xizhi kowtows and kowtows . "
it reflects wang xizhi 's feelings of grief and disturbance during the chaos of war .
as the writer wrote it unintentionally , the calligraphy shows its true nature .
compared with wang xizhi 's " lan ting xu " , the texture seems somehow old-fashioned . some experts assume that the style should be much closer to the true nature of wang xizhi 's calligraphy . as a result , " sangluan tie " is of great importance for study of wang xizhi 's calligraphic style .
calligraphy researcher han yutao says the work has four characteristics : firstly , it is an excellent essay in of itself ; secondly , the script is powerful and it is youjun 's ( wang xizhi was sometimes called youjun ) true nature and the real style of youjun ; thirdly , the work combines the beauty of both power and gloom ; fourthly , it demonstrates the whole process of chinese calligraphy when being changed from running hand to cursive script .
therefore , " sangluan tie " is a rare valuable . it is the most typical work during wang xizhi 's remaining years and much better than " shenlong lan ting " .
" sangluan tie " has been circulated in japan for over 1,300 years and regarded as a japanese national treasure .
however , it has been known to the chinese calligraphic circles for no more than 100 years .
( press clippings ) fresco of liaoyang han tombs " unveiled " after lying underground for 1,000 years
xinhua news agency report of may 19th from shenyang - three ancient han dynasty tombs discovered in liaoning province 's shenyang city at the end of last year were opened to the public on the 18th .
at present , tomb number one of the three ancient tombs has been excavated with preparations being made to excavate the other two .
the discovery of the three han tombs is of great significance for study of liaoyang 's political and economic development situation in the late han dynasty . the frescos in the tombs have very high cultural and artistic values .
the liaoshen evening news reported that the three ancient tombs were discovered unexpectedly when liaoyang electrical power equipment company was building its workshops .
during the excavation of the number one tomb , archaeologists found three skeletons and more than 60 funerary objects , most of which were pottery with some jade and stone objects .
in terms of the tomb 's scale , the frescos ' standard and content , and the number of the funerary objects and their ranks , the owner of the tomb must have been a high-ranking aristocrat or official .
some experts are now identifying the gender and age of the three people in the tombs .
a number of han tombs have been discovered in liaoyang before .
in 1961 , china listed 9 tombs with frescos as well as the great wall and the forbidden city ; the first batch of important cultural relics placed under state protection .
the frescos in the liaoyang han tombs are of great significance in studying chinese ancient paintings , which have long been attracting the attention of scholars both at home and abroad .
sources say that in order to protect the cultural relics archaeologists have carefully handled the discovered frescos and covered them with a transparent coating that is able to prevent it from changing in the next two years .
however , the current problem is that temperature change can easily cause some stone pieces to fall off .
according to the reporter , the construction site is only 50 meters away from the tombs . protection of the ancient tombs still needs research and a final decision from government departments and experts .
( international ) london mayor criticizes us , british policy towards iraq , calls for withdrawal of troops
xinhua news agency report of may 19th from london ( by staff reporter ma zhihan ) - the mayor of london �� ken livingstone , in an article carried by britain 's guardian newspaper on the 19th �� criticized the us and british policy towards iraq and called on the two countries to withdraw their troops as soon as possible .
livingstone said in the article that the situation in iraq had become the most " disgusting " situation since the vietnam war .
the recent scandal exposure of the us military 's mistreatment of iraqi prisoners and the deteriorating security situation in iraq have resulted from an improper us , british policy towards iraq .
what is happening in iraq has demonstrated that without legal international support the international community and the iraqi people will not recognize the us-british allied forces ' legitimacy .
" the policy we have adopted will not succeed . if we do n't withdraw troops from iraq as soon as possible , the policy will have more negative effects on all sides including the iraqis , " the article says .
the article points out that although it is not known now how many iraqis feel sympathy for iraq 's anti-us militants , most iraqis are obviously not willing to offer the occupation forces information on the anti-us militants .
due to a lack of such intelligence , the us-british allied forces are unable to take precautions against attacks on them .
the article points out the only way out for the us-british allied forces is to transfer its command of iraq 's security to the un and to withdraw troops as soon as possible .
during iraq 's reconstruction process , the un should command all foreign security troops .
if the us only transfers partial administrative power to a temporary and unelected iraqi government on june 30th , such a policy is doomed to fail .
( international ) bush seeks republican support for his iraq policy
xinhua news agency report of may 20th from washington ( by staff reporters pan yunzhao and tan xinmu ) - us president bush made a visit to capitol hill on the 20th to meet with republican lawmakers , and seek their support for his iraq policy
media reports said some lawmakers , speaking on condition of anonymity , said that during the meeting bush stood firm on his decision to transfer partial governing authority to the iraqis on june 30th as scheduled . the iraqis have exercised some political power and they are ready to " take the training wheels off " .
he added that violence is likely to worsen as the transfer approaches .
rep . pryce from ohio explained that when bush talked about " taking the training wheels off " , he meant that the iraqi people have been in training , and now it 's time for them to take the bike and go forward .
bush also defended the administration 's policies on economy , education and medicare and said that despite his declining support rate in recent polls , he was still looking forward to the re-election campaign .
sen . santorum from pennsylvania said it had been a rough couple of months for bush , particularly the very difficult situation in iraq . bush 's visit to capitol hill was to remind the lawmakers that the government had worked out the necessary polices .
it is said this was the second year in a row that bush met privately with republicans just ahead of the congressional break . the situation is especially worrying them this year : bush and most lawmakers face re-election , and iraq is still plagued by chaos and violence .
house minority leader pelosi held a press conference on the 20th to criticize bush 's policy towards iraq .
she said that the president 's leadership and the actions taken in iraq had demonstrated his incompetence in terms of knowledge , judgment and experience .
( international ) south korean prosecutors release results of illegal election funds investigation
xinhua news agency report of may 21 from seoul ( by staff reporter zhang li ) - south korean prosecutors on the 21st released the final investigative results of the illegal election fundraising investigation , saying they would not investigate and prosecute president roh moo-hyun and former chairman of the grand national party ( gnp ) , lee hoi-chang , as there was no evidence to show that the two were directly involved in illegally raising funds for the election .
south korean prosecutors said that they had found no evidence that president roh moo-hyun , the presidential candidate of the millennium democratic party in 2002 , was directly involved in illegally raising funds for the election . as a result , they would not carry out an investigation and prosecution of him . as for the former chairman of the grand national party , lee hoi-chang , no evidence was found to indicate his involvement with the election funds , worth 80-billion south korean won , raised by gnp . therefore , he would also not be punished .
for the punishment of the samsung conglomerate that offered the illegal funds for the election , prosecutors have decided to give up the indictment of samsung conglomerate 's chairman lee kun-hee , but would indict the conglomerate 's vice chairman lee hak-soo without detention .
as presidential candidates of the millennium democratic party and the grand national party , roh moo-hyun and lee hoi-chang participated in the 2002 presidential election . roh moo-hyun won the election and became the president .
south korean prosecutors found that the country 's conglomerates offered parties illegal funds for the election when they were conducting a probe into the sk group 's confidential funds in august 2003 . they then announced a full investigation of the election 's illegal funds in november . during the investigation , several aids of roh moo-hyun and lee hoi-chang were arrested . investigations have also been conducted on several south korean enterprises involved in the case .
china 's senior industry has " great potential "
xinhua news agency report of may 21st from beijing ( by staff reporter li weiwei ) - china 's aged population has already reached 134-million , the largest of any country in the world at present .
meanwhile , old people in china have a very considerable consumption capability .
sources from the china research center on aging say that according to a poll , 42.8% of urban old people have bank savings .
with continued economic development , the income of old people will see a trend of continuous rise .
some experts predict that the pension alone will rise to 838.3-billion yuan , 2.8145-trillion yuan and 7.3219-trillion yuan by 2010 , 2020 and 2030 respectively .
" but compared with developed nations , china 's senior industry is still in its infancy . "
the president of the china association of the aged , li bengong , points out that currently products for the aged are mainly health food and nutrition products . few other products specifically for old people have been developed in china .
" currently , china 's senior industry as a whole is still in its beginning stages . not only is it small scale , with a low level of specialty , but there are also few varieties of products and services , and market share is low . "
li bengong notes that developed countries pay great attention to the market exploration of products for the aged .
" to cater to the needs of old people , they try every possible way to develop the product and service market for the aged from medicines , food for pets , household anti-theft security system , gums specially for old people 's denture and automatic timer for medicine dispensation and taking , which have won much favor from the old . "
" in fact , there is a great potential to explore china 's senior industry . the key is to have marketable and popular products . "
li bengong points out that the development of the senior industry must follow the rules of the market economy and be market-oriented to enliven the market of products for the aged .
he says the china association of the aged will join hands with the people 's municipal government of dalian to hold the china international expo of products for the aged , trying beneficial ways of developing and enlivening the market of products for the aged as well as satisfying the various needs of the old people .
( international ) international space station postpones astronaut 's spacewalk
xinhua news agency report of may 21st from moscow ( by staff reporter wei zhongjie ) - the us national aeronautics and space administration 's ( nasa ) coordinator in moscow , puzanov , told itar-tass on the 21st that due to the cooling systems ' failure of a us spacesuit in the international space station ( iss ) , nasa had decided to postpone the scheduled spacewalk on june 10th until june 16th .
two iss astronauts discovered a cooling failure in russian astronaut padalka 's us-made spacesuit while they were preparing for the spacewalk on the 19th .
the safety of the astronauts ca n't be ensured when they perform the spacewalk if the spacesuit is not repaired .
puzanov said experts of the flight ground control center in houston made the decision after they studied the problem of the spacesuit , asking the astronauts to expel the water and bubbles from the hose of the spacesuit 's cooling system and refuel it with cooling water .
sources say the two astronauts will test the spacesuit 's working conditions on june 4th after repairing its cooling device .
as a result , the spacewalk will be rescheduled from june 10th to june 16th .
if the test on the 4th shows that the cooling system of the spacesuit still does n't work , then the astronauts must wear the russian spacesuits during the spacewalk .
padalka told the ground on the 21st that there were still some problems with the russian spacesuit , which had led to a shortened spacewalk in february this year , so the two astronauts expected to wear the us spacesuits during the spacewalk .
beijing-made mercedes-benz sedan prototype debuts at beijing high-tech expo
xinhua news agency report of may 22nd from beijing ( by staff reporter wang wentao ) - a renowned mercedes-benz e240 luxury sedan stood on the show platform of beijing jeep corporation at the 7th china beijing international high-tech expo , which opened on the 22nd .
it is said this sedan model will soon be produced in beijing .
the project between beijing jeep corporation and daimler-chrysler to produce mercedes-benz luxury sedans was formally approved by the national development and reform commission on april 29th .
on may 3rd , the two sides in germany signed a basic agreement for feasibility study on the project for producing mercedes-benz c and e-class sedans in china .
sources say that under the benz sedan project , 20,000 sedans and spare engines will be produced annually in the opening stages and formal production will start in 2005 .
c and e-class sedans are said to be the benz 's two models with the largest production , with annual production volume expected to reach 700,000-800,000 , and sales around the world .
the two models boast 16 world leading technologies , including the world 's unique fourth generation sbc electrohydraulic braking system , benz 's unique full-view electrical sunroof , and the distinctive speed sensor and electrohydraulic steering assistance system in the china-made benz sedan .
sources say beijing jeep corporation is busy building its new plant . on april 28th , the construction of the new plant 's painting project was formally started .
the implementation plan of the benz project includes the sharing of the painting line , the public facilities and business management system as well as the establishment of a marketing system for production and sales integration .
( international ) chinese quality book fair opens in us
xinhua news agency report of may 22nd from los angeles ( by staff reporter si jiuyue ) - a chinese quality book fair opened in los angeles on the 22nd . overseas chinese living in the us and chinese cultural enthusiasts were pleased to find the more than 2,000 varieties of chinese language books with a total of over 50,000 copies .
the book fair is jointly held by beijing taihehongye copyright company and the us hongshi group .
books on show include both the great classical works of chinese traditional culture and representative works reflecting chinese contemporary cultural achievements . they also include popular encyclopedias and teenagers ' books as well as great works introducing the new china .
in an effort to promote the simplified chinese characters among overseas countrymen , books on show are mainly printed in simplified chinese .
the chairman of beijing taihehongye copyright company , zhou hongsheng , said that quality chinese books were well received among the chinese people living in america .
as many chinese families here do n't have chinese studies at home , one important part of the sales in the us is to offer a whole set of " chinese study " series books that can fill in several bookcases .
the fair offers a variety of more than 300 " chinese study " series books , including classical books , encyclopedias and reference books , with each set priced at 10,000-20,000 us dollars .
deng hong from the us hongshi group said the book fair was the largest chinese language book exhibition with the highest quality in north america .
the fair will continue for a month in los angeles before moving on to san francisco .
he said at present most books being sold at chinese bookstores in the us are from hong kong and taiwan .
in an attempt to open the us market for chinese language books from the mainland , hongshi group and beijing taihehongye copyright company have jointly established the " hongtu website " , expecting to sell chinese language books to american customers through the website over long term .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hong kong sar government to ensure residents ' freedom of speech
xinhua news agency report of may 23rd from hong kong - a spokesman of the hong kong special administrative region 's ( sar ) government said on the 23rd that the sar government firmly upholds rule by law and ensures the freedom of speech and related rights in hong kong .
the spokesman pointed out that hong kong residents have always enjoyed freedom of speech and freedom of press .
these freedoms are guaranteed by hong kong law .
article 27 of the basic law sets forth that all hong kong residents enjoy free speech and press . the provisions in the international covenant on civil and political rights concerning the guarantees and free speech are also included in article 16 of the hong kong human rights law .
the spokesman pointed out that room for free speech and press in hong kong had not been narrowed . the sar government will continue to safeguard residents ' basic rights and it deeply believes that citizens will continue to exercise their rights to fully demonstrate the freedom of speech and the freedom of press .
both the sar government and all citizens pay great importance to and highly value the freedoms of hong kong 's citizens and are committed to ensuring such freedoms are fully demonstrated .
the spokesman said free speech and press were the cornerstone of hong kong 's success . to maintain hong kong 's position as an international metropolis full of vitality and as a free , open and diversified society , the freedom of speech and press are an inseparable and important part .
the spokesman added that the sar government would not tolerate any act undermining the spirit of free speech and rule by law , including using intimidation , threats , criminal sabotage or violent acts to compel people to submission .
if that happens , the police will take it very seriously and will take immediate actions for full investigation .
( international ) horst koehler elected as german president
xinhua news agency report of may 23rd from berlin ( by staff reporter rong changhai ) - horst koehler , dual candidate of both germany 's main opposition party , the christian union alliance , and the liberal free democratic party , won 604 votes , more than the necessary votes for an elected president , in the first round of voting in germany 's federal assembly on the 23rd , to become germany 's ninth postwar president .
during the presidential election , the presidential candidate nominated by the ruling german social democratic party and the green party was the female professor schwan , who won a total of 589 votes .
the federal assembly was made up of 1,205 delegates , 1,204 of whom cast their votes .
under germany 's presidential election law , a presidential election is held every five years and the federal assembly elects the president .
the federal assembly is made up of german federal parliamentarians and delegates nominated by states in accordance with the number of the various parties ' parliamentarians in parliaments .
any candidate winning more than half of the votes will be elected .
as the christian union alliance and the liberal free democratic party had a total of 622 votes in the federal assembly , 19 votes more than the necessary overwhelming votes , german press widely expected that koehler would win with ease .
however , koehler was elected with just one more vote than that necessary for the president .
koehler expressed his thanks to all members of the federal assembly who voted for him after the election and said that he " will convince those who did n't vote for me through my work . "
koehler also said that he wanted to be a president for all germans .
koehler will take over as head of state from incumbent president johannes rau on july 1st .
koehler was born in poland in 1943 and moved to germany with his family during the second world war .
he earned a doctorate in economics and political sciences from germany 's university of tubingen . as a well-known financial expert , he used to be president of the european bank for reconstruction and development and president of the international monetary fund .
( international ) chinese survivors in paris 's de gaulle airport accident in good condition
xinhua news agency report of may 23rd from paris ( by staff reporters wang jingcheng and yang jun ) - six chinese citizens who survived the collapse of terminal 2e at paris 's de gaulle airport on the 23rd are currently in good condition and spirit .
on the afternoon of the 23rd xinhua news agency reporters met with the six survivors at the bobigny police station near the de gaulle airport .
under france 's judicial procedures , as witnesses of the accident , the six chinese citizens were sent to bobigny police station for a police report .
they talked with each other and were in good spirits .
in the corridor of the police station , reporters saw staff members of the chinese embassy to france bringing lunch and drinks to them .
after completing the police report , they were sent back to de gaulle airport , which was to arrange boarding and lodging for them .
after the accident , staff members of the chinese embassy to france , including counselor shi yuegen , rushed to the scene immediately and accompanied the chinese citizens at all times .
shi yuegen said that after the accident france immediately sent rescuers to clean the scene and rescue passengers . they also offered careful and full medical examinations for the chinese survivors .
except one who is slightly injured , the other five are in good condition .
shi yuegen expressed sympathy and solicitude to the chinese survivors on behalf of the chinese ambassador to france , zhao jinjun .
he said zhao jinjun had asked staff members of the chinese embassy to france to carefully deal with the aftermath of the victims and cooperate with france to search for the missing chinese citizen with all their strength .
the eight chinese citizens , working for a commercial and trade limited company in beijing , boarded the af177 flight at shanghai 's pudong airport , planning to fly to mexico via paris .
however , part of the roof collapsed at 6:57am on the 23rd at terminal 2e of de gaulle airport , killing at least five people and injuring 3 others .
one chinese passenger has been killed and another is missing . the victims ' identities are being verified now .
wudang kungfu art troupe to perform in hong kong this june
xinhua news agency report of may 24th from wuhan ( by chen ying ) - an official from the wudang mountain tourism and special economic zone said that following hong kong 's invitation , the china wudang kungfu art troupe would stage performances from june 16th to the 23rd for the first time ever in hong kong .
the china wudang kungfu art troupe transforms qigong , which was passed on secretly within the taoism practitioners in wudang mountain , into stage performances to create an art carrier with unique wudang characteristics .
the main performances include jiugong eight trigram deployment , fuchenxuantian sword , wudang music dance , wudang qigong , wudang seven star deployment , xiao'aojianghu as well as such secretly circulated wudang martial arts as wudang taiyimian boxing , wudang qingming sword , taiyixiaoyao boxing and wudang xuan qigong .
in august 2003 , the wudang mountain tourism and special economic zone established the china wudang kungfu art troupe .
the troupe currently comprises 32 members , including 19 wushu practitioners and 13 art performing members , the oldest member being 65 and the youngest 8 .
each of them has a unique skill and is excellent in both kungfu and ethics .
wudang mountain is famous both at home and abroad for its beautiful scenery , ancient taoism culture , grand ancient architectures and excellent wudang wushu .
in 1994 , wudang mountain was listed as a world cultural heritage by the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization .
wudang wushu is rooted in taoist philosophy with the aim of preserving health and is good at overcoming the hard with the soft .
great taoist priests and hermits of the past generations in wudang mountain have practiced both nature and life and emphasized both kungfu and ethics , introducing the taoist philosophy into wudang boxing , combining dandao skills with qigong and boxing to form wudang kungfu with profound philosophic theory and exquisite boxing skills .
over the past 600 years , outsiders have had rare opportunity to get a glimpse of wudang kungfu as it was passed on secretly under the rules that " it would rather get lost than be passed on improperly " and " the doctrine and skill should not be improperly explained and passed on . "
( sports ) greece reiterates its pledge for safe olympic games
xinhua news agency report of may 24th from athens ( by staff reporter wen xinnian ) - the greek government and athens olympics organizing committee reiterated on the 24th that greece was capable of hosting the safest olympic games , hoping to alleviate world concerns regarding the security of the athens olympic games being held from august 13th to 29th this year .
greece 's public order minister voulgarakis , who is in charge of the olympic games ' security plan , said at the international security conference 's opening ceremony that the coming olympic games would be safe .
" we will never put people in danger and we will not let the olympic games be threatened either , " he said .
" we are fully capable of ensuring the security of the olympic games . "
the athens olympics organizing committee chairwoman daskalaki said that the security issue of the olympic games was the top priority for the olympics organizing committee and the greek government . greece has taken every measure to ensure that the olympic games will be held safely .
meanwhile , she has also harshly criticized some of the media 's negative reports on the security issues of the athens olympic games and the security warning issued by the australian government to its citizens on travels in greece . she said these moves had seriously undermined the image of greece and brought unnecessary mental pressures on athletes of various countries and regions who were preparing for the olympic games .
the three-day international security conference opened in the greek capital of athens on the 24th . olympic committee officials , security experts and police as well as intelligence personnel from 202 countries and regions are attending the conference to discuss the security plan of the athens olympic games .
as the athens olympic games are the first summer games after the " 9.11 " incident , the greek government has increased its security budget for the games to 1-billion euros ( about $ 1.2-billion ) , four times that of the sydney olympic games .
greece will also mobilize a total of 70,000 troops , police and firefighters to guard the olympic games . meanwhile , nato will also offer the greek government all-round security assistance from sea , land and air during the games .
auto service giant bosch to establish china 's largest service network
xinhua news agency report of may 25th from guangzhou ( by staff reporter cai guozhao ) - the world 's largest auto service giant bosch is to establish china 's biggest auto service network .
on the 24th , representatives from 11 auto repair works in guangdong were conferred with " bosch professional auto-repair " franchised certificates by shi tenglu , after-sales manager of bosch trading ( shanghai ) company limited .
bosch got its start in china 's auto repair industry in the 1980s .
in 2003 , bosch began plans to penetrate the auto after-sales service market in china and mapped out a large-scale merger plan for domestic auto repair works .
bosch 's senior officials told the press on the 24th that bosch would form a preliminary repair network in china this year to add 300 auto-repair works to its original 200 . by 2010 , bosch 's repair works will reach 1,000 .
" china 's auto industry is changing with every passing day . with china 's fast growing economy and people 's improved living standards , china will become the third largest auto manufacturer following the us and japan by 2007 and the top auto market in the world by 2020 , " shi tenglu said .
in fact , besides bosch , many other global auto giants have been expecting a good prospect for the auto repair market in china .
the well - known auto quick-service brand us acdelco has revealed that it plans to develop more than 200 auto quick-service chain stores in eastern china to become the " leader " of auto quick service in the region . autobacs , the biggest car service enterprise of japan , has announced it will establish autobacspaian company , a joint venture in cooperation with shanghai paian group , to form the largest domestic auto service firm .
many experts say bosch 's strategy shows that it 's very clear that global giants are penetrating china 's auto service market in full swing .
( selected newspaper collections ) microscopic technology for taking pictures of small fish capillaries brings hope to early cancer diagnosis
xinhua news agency , beijing , may 26 - the newest observation technology used in a 2cm-long small fish with black fins and a white belly might be able to save the lives of tens of thousands of cancer patients .
according to the report in the jiefang daily , the shanghai institute of optics and fine mechanics of the chinese academy of science revealed a few days ago that they used hard x-rays with a stronger penetration capacity than regular ones to successfully observe and take pictures of a capillary that was 30 microns in diameter inside a small fish .
this experimental result is expected to advance furthermore the diagnosis of initial stage cancers .
this small fish is 6mm wide and less than 4mm thick .
from the photographs provided by the institute of optics and fine mechanics , this winding capillary connected the fish 's air bladder with its head .
" a normal x-ray is incapable of discovering such a capillary . "
chen jianwen , the researcher responsible for this research explained that x-ray computerized tomography ( ct ) is usually used in clinical medicine to determine the pathology of a biological tissue . nonetheless , compared with a normal tissue , the difference of absorbing the x-ray by an initial cancerous tissue is extremely small , making it impossible to reflect the absorption on an image . thus , it is very difficult to diagnose an initial stage cancer .
the shanghai institute of optics and fine mechanics collaborated with the imagery center of the beijing synchronous radiation lab in using a hard x-ray with a 0.087 nanometer wavelength and a diffraction enhanced phase contrast imaging technique , resulting in an image resolution rate that could " perceive the minutest detail " with a maximum capacity of 10 microns .
according to the explanation , since the wavelength of a hard x-ray is even shorter , its penetration capacity is naturally stronger ; while the diffraction enhanced phase contrast imaging technique can detect the phase distribution of an organism and is able to show three-dimensional information on a plane photograph , it is especially effective in the differentiation of the tissue boundary .
the report claimed that the use of hard x-rays and the diffraction enhanced phase contrast imaging technique to observe and take pictures of such a tiny tissue inside a fish is a first in the world .
experts believe that through these techniques , it is expected to " expose " an early stage cancerous tissue from a normal one and win more treatment time for patients .
( selected newspaper collections ) large-scale emergency shelters to be built in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , may 26 - the beijing seismological bureau announced on the 25th that a large-scale emergency shelter with two tarmacs is under construction at the south zhong zhou road afforested land located on the north side of yong ding men .
the xinjing news reported that according to the plan , an emergency thoroughfare will be at the center of the afforested land , along its two sides will be 15 shanty districts where residents can live and take refuge . moreover , it will also be equipped with two tarmacs , six emergency water supply locations , eight emergency bathrooms , and a first-aid station .
at present , the construction plan of the tarmac is being designed .
two emergency tarmacs were built in the emergency shelter at yuan da du relics garden before . the large stone platform that was originally in the garden is used as an observation deck for tourists at normal times , while it serves as an elevation point for disaster relief helicopters in an emergency .
the construction work for the shelter at the south zhong zhou road afforested land will be finished within this year .
in case of an emergent disaster , it can be used for the evacuation of nearby residents .
the beijing yuan da du city wall relics garden was officially opened last october 1 , and was the first pilot venue for an emergency shelter in china .
moreover , zhao yang garden is also put under the umbrella of the soon-be-constructed shelter . several functional districts will be distributed among the three districts inside the garden .
according to sources , beijing will build approximately 18 emergency shelters this year and each of the eight districts will have its own shelters .
it is guaranteed that there will be enough shelters in beijing for residents to use before 2008 .
currently , the total area of land that can be used as shelters in beijing is more than 5,300 hectares . there are over 140 gardens , 13 large-scale gymnasiums at the city and district level , and more than 500 hectares of school playgrounds within the 8 city districts .
the municipal administrative commission and the beijing seismological bureau will build 17 to 18 emergency shelters within the eight districts this year and each district will have one to two shelters .
guo boxiong emphasizes full implementation of strict army discipline
guo boxiong stressed that strict army discipline is an important element in jiang zemin 's ideologies of national defense and troop building , and a guiding principle that the liberation army building must uphold in the long run .
we need to study chairman jiang 's series of important discussions on strict army discipline carefully and have a deep understanding , and to implement them fully and accurately . we also have to work hard in bringing about a significantly higher standard in army building .
guo boxiong pointed out that strict army discipline should be based upon a regulatory system and troops should be managed and educated strictly according to regulations and rules .
leaders at all levels should greatly promote the atmosphere of disciplining the troops according to rules ; managing them strictly ; leading them scientifically ; they should rigorously enforce political , organizational , military , financial , and security disciplines ; and should ensure that the troops strictly obey the directions of the central committee of the communist party of china , the central military commission , and chairman jiang .
the education , management , and supervision of the leading cadres and organizations should be strengthened at full steam ; and everyone should be led to maintain an elated state of mind and the noble spirit of the communists from beginning to end .
guo boxiong stressed that all levels had to firmly establish the ideology that an emphasis on strict army discipline was an emphasis on building up combat capacity . they had to fully implement all requirements of strict army discipline in the vigorous building of the army and put into practice the requirements in all the work that increased the combat capability of the troops .
they should follow chairman jiang 's general demand of " five statements " and the outlines of basic-level army building to build a solid foundation , to repeatedly emphasize its implementation , and to strengthen the combat capability at full steam .
( international ) sudanese government reaches agreement with anti-governmental armed forces on distribution of state power
xinhua news agency , nairobi , may 26 ( reporter yu xinchao ) - the sudanese government reached an agreement with the anti-governmental armed sudan people 's liberation movement on the issue of the distribution of power in the town of naivasha , kenya on the 26th , thus taking an important step toward ending the civil war in this country .
on that day , sudan 's first vice president taha and leader of anti-governmental armed forces garang who participated in the peace talks , exchanged a framework agreement on the distribution of state power and ascertained the statuses of the nuba mountains , the southern nile , and the abyei area .
sumbeiywo , chief mediator of the peace talks and retired kenyan general , told a xinhua news agency reporter that the reaching of an agreement on the most difficult issue of the peace talks was of great significance .
it implied that sudanese power will be distributed among all parties and a national unified government will be formed .
the sudanese civil war , which has lasted for 21 years , is one of the longest civil wars in africa .
in 1983 , residents of southern sudan , who were believers of traditional religions and christianity , declared independence in order to oppose the government 's implementation of islamic law across the country . the civil war between the sudanese government and the anti-governmental armed forces thus broke out . over 2-million people have died so far .
under the coordination of the inter-governmental authority on development ( igad ) , each of the two belligerent sides has held talks since 1994 in kenya .
the two sides reached an agreement last september regarding the military arrangement during the transitional period in the next 6 years .
the two sides also reached an agreement on the distribution of wealth this january .
since then , the negotiations have revolved around issues about the distribution of state power and the future statuses of the three controversial districts .
( news backdrop ) qinghai-tibet plateau earliest human activities ruins - tibet chamdo karub ruins
xinhua news agency , lhasa , may 27 ( reporters qiu lihua , xiang xiaolin ) - the karub neolithic ruins in chamdo , tibet , dating back some 5,000 years , is the most ancient archaeological site discovered on the qinghai-tibet plateau so far . it has great significance in the study of human beings , especially the origin of human beings in the qinghai-tibet plateau .
in 1977 , archaeologists found ruins at an elevation of 3,200 meters in the west karub village of chamdo prefecture in chamdo district - the karub ruins . two excavations were carried out in 1978 and 1979 . this was the first large-scale scientific archaeological excavation carried out in tibet and filled the gap of chinese field archaeology in the tibet region . it had a significant meaning to the study of tibetan primitive culture and the development of future tibetan archaeological groups .
an area of 1,800 square meters was unearthed during these two archaeological excavations . the excavations revealed that the houses were red scorched earth and stalled houses , and could be further divided into three types : round-bottomed , half-underground , and aboveground . the general area of the houses was from 10 to 30 square meters and the largest two-room house was close to 70 square meters .
the artifacts excavated included large chipped stone implements , microliths , ground stone implements , bone implements , and potteries with the quantity of large chipped stone implements being the largest .
the microliths were a traditional type with typical " non-geometrical " shapes .
the ground stone implements were of exquisite artistry , among which , the linear stone axes and stone adzes bore the most distinctive features .
agriculture was the primary economic life of the ancestors of the karub ruins , with corn being the main crop .
the breeding industry was not so well developed ; only pig bones were unearthed .
despite the rich fish resources near the ruins , neither fish-catching tools nor fish bones were exhumed .
even though the cultural undertones manifested bore greater differences from regions in the upper middle reaches of the yellow river and those in the lower middle reaches of the lancang river , certain connections could still be found from relevant aspects such as the red scorched earth houses , linear stone axes , and ancient painted potteries . the crops of corn and the pigs reared by people were particular proof of the countless ties between ancient qinghai-tibet plateau and the inner central plains .
approximately 1,000 pharmaceutical enterprises in china to stop production due to below standard quality
xinhua news agency , beijing , may 27 ( reporters chang ailing , li xuanna ) - zheng xiaoyu , chief of the state food and drug administration , stated here on the 27th that by the end of 2004 , approximately 1,000 pharmaceutical production enterprises will stop production for not achieving the standard stipulated in the pharmaceutical production quality control regulations .
according to regulations of the state food and drug administration , effective july 1 , 2004 , all drug preparation and raw material drug productions must meet the good manufacturing practice ( gmp ) regulations requirements . all production enterprises of drug preparations and raw material drugs that have not obtained the " gmp regulations certificate " for the relevant drug form or category will have to stop production .
while answering questions raised by the reporters , zheng xiaoyu said that by the end of april 2004 , 2,800 of the 5,082 pharmaceutical production enterprises in china had passed the gmp regulation certification . these enterprises made up 80 percent of the pharmaceutical market .
341 enterprises have stopped their production for not reaching the gmp regulations standard .
zheng xiaoyu added that from 1999 to the end of 2002 , the state food and drug administration had carried out the gmp regulation certification for production enterprises of blood products , large volume injection remedies , frozen and dried powder injection remedies , small volume injection remedies , and minute injection remedies . productions of enterprises and workshops that had not met the requirements before the deadline were stopped .
at present , all blood products and injection remedies in china are produced according to the criteria outlined in the gmp regulations .
according to sources , by the end of 2003 , there were over 430 raw material drug production enterprises , over 4,000 preparation production enterprises , and approximately 500 raw material drug and drug preparation combined production enterprises in china .
since 1999 , the state food and drug administration has started enacting the plan for the gmp regulations certification that is divided into phases with mandatory implementation within the deadline .
( sports ) establishment agreement for beijing olympic broadcasting company ltd . signed in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , may 27 ( reporter li jundong ) - the agreement for the establishment of the beijing olympic broadcasting company ltd . was signed at the beijing conference center on the 27th .
the signing of the agreement signified the formal beginning of the establishment procedure of the beijing olympic broadcasting company ltd . , which will be responsible for the television and radio broadcast of the 2008 olympic games and paralympics .
according to the agreement , the beijing organizing committee for the games ( bocog ) and the ioc broadcasting services s.a . ( obs ) under the international olympic committee ( ioc ) will jointly form the beijing olympic broadcasting company ltd . it will be a chinese-foreign joint venture that specializes in the television broadcast business of the olympic games .
during the 2008 beijing olympic games and the paralympics , the company will be responsible for producing and feeding radio and television networks around the world with international televised broadcasting public signals for the games and other important events , building and operating the broadcasting facilities for the international broadcast center and other venues , and providing other related broadcasting services to the rights-holding broadcasters of the games .
at the agreement signing ceremony , hein verbruggen , president of the ioc coordination commission xxix , committee member of the ioc , and obs chairman ; gilbert felli , olympic games executive director ; liu jingmin , bocog executive vice president ; and jiang xiaoyu , bocog vice president , represented obs and bocog respectively in signing the relevant agreement .
the agreements signed this time included a cooperative joint venture contract , articles of association , and an operating and management agreement of bob .
the signing of the establishment agreement for the beijing olympic broadcasting company ltd . is an important milestone in the broadcasting work of the bocog .
liu qi , yuan weimin , and wang qishan , the people in charge of the bocog ; some of the ioc officials ; and industry specialists from the central and beijing radio and television industry serving as representatives attended the agreement signing ceremony .
( international ) un sees improvements in economies of least developed nations
xinhua news agency , geneva , may 27 ( reporter cai shihao ) - the united nations conference on trade and development ( unctad ) published a report in geneva on the 27th , stating that the economic situations of the 50 least developed nations in the world have significantly improved . however , various unfavorable factors are still restricting a continuous and steady economic growth of these countries .
the most recent annual report of unctad stated that the average annual increase rate of the gross domestic product ( gdp ) of the least developed nations from 2000 to 2002 was 4.9 percent ; the average annual increase in the per capita gdp was 2.6 percent , exceeding the 1.8 percent level of average annual increase in the per capita gdp of other developing countries .
the report indicated that foreign direct investments and public development assistance flowing into the least developed nations increased sharply from us $ 12.4-billion in 2000 to us $ 17-billion in 2002 , among which public development assistance had increased by 36 percent .
in 2002 , the total foreign direct investments absorbed by the 50 least developed nations were us $ 5.2-billion . however , 83 percent of these were concentrated on 10 main beneficiary nations .
the foreign investments absorbed by oil exporting countries including angola , equatorial guinea , sudan , yemen , and chad made up 63 percent of the total volume of attracted investment of the least developed nations .
unctad indicated that the excessive dependence on foreign capital , rapidly rising foreign debts , the low and unstable prices of primary products , the continuous spread of hiv  aids , and unceasing civil wars are all important factors that hinder the continuous economic improvements of the least developed nations .
the total accumulative foreign debts of the least developed countries in 2002 reached us $ 145-billion .
the export of raw materials accounted for 67 percent of total exports of the least developed countries , making it the main source of foreign exchange for the 31 least developed nations .
the population of the least developed nations only constitutes 11 percent of the total world population . nonetheless , the number of people that died from hiv  aids in these countries accounts for 37 percent of those of the world .
( sports ) another victory for chinese men 's volleyball team , japanese and korean teams out for good
xinhua news agency , tokyo , may 28 ( reporter hui xiaoshuang ) - the qualification for the team representing asia in the olympic games will depend on the competition between china and australia in the qualifying tournament .
the chinese men 's volleyball team beat their weak opponent the algerian team 3:0 while the korean team helped china objectively by winning a set from the australian team before they lost their qualification completely .
the japanese team also lost to the canadian team 0:3 and was out after losing four straight games .
in the game against algeria , di anhe , head coach of the chinese men 's volleyball team , played the alternate lineup made up mostly of young players to allow everyone a chance to warm up so as to increase room for lineup adjustments in the two key games that follow .
even with this lineup , they easily won 25:15 , 25:16 , and 25:15 within 59 minutes .
however the australian team beat the korean team 3:1 and completely eliminated this favorite-to-win team that did not perform well .
it was the set that the australian team lost that made a difference in the win-loss ratio between australia and china .
the last opponent for the chinese team will be the canadian team while the australian team will face the relatively weak iranian team . as a result , china must win the game on the 28th .
after the chinese team 's win over the algerian team , di anhe believed that for them to beat the australian team , the crux lies in their mentality . it depends on whether they can relax and overcome their self-consciousness .
veteran player an jiajie also claimed that china beat australia 2:1 in the warm-up matches . in the game that china lost , china even played their alternate lineup .
despite the high morale of the australian team due to their consecutive victories , it will be impossible for them to have great improvements in their techniques within 10 plus days . thus , what the chinese team ought to do is to meet their opponent with calmness .
the french team beat the iranian team 3:0 on the 28th . with a 10-point gain for not losing one game , they remain in first place and their qualification is almost certain .
( international ) cuba dissatisfied with eu 's ambiguity toward denouncing us economic sanction
xinhua news agency , guadalajara ( mexico ) , may 28 ( reporters song xinde , ye shuhong ) - cuba issued a declaration here on the 28th expressing its strong dissatisfaction with the european union representatives attending the 3rd eu-latin america state leaders conference for their ambiguous attitude toward condemning the intensification of the economic sanctions on cuba by the us government .
the statement indicated that during the work conference of foreign ministers on the 27th , eu representatives insisted on amending the " strong condemnation " of the us helms-burton act and the recent sanctions imposed on cuba by the us government - raised by representatives from latin american and caribbean nations - to a mildly worded expression .
in response to this , cuba 's declaration indicated that the european union had once again played the role of us " allies " and " yielded to the us government . "
the amended clause of the european union was " laughable and timid . "
the helms-burton act was proposed by us republican senators jesse helms and dan burton in 1995 and gained approval for implementation in march 1999 .
the act stipulates that : us courts will try and punish any local and foreign companies that engage in trade with cuba .
not only has the implementation of the act stirred up the strong resentments of the sanctioned nation , it has also aroused the antipathy of eu member nations .
the us government has imposed an economic and financial blockade and trade embargo on cuba since 1961 .
apart from seriously damaging cuba 's interests , the us sanctions also hurt their own interests .
according to cuba 's estimation , the us sanctions on cuba have already brought about us $ 70-billion of economic loss to cuba .
moreover , according to the statistics of the pan-american agriculture association , us farmers have also paid a price of more than us $ 5 billion for the 40 plus years of us sanctions on cuba .
( hong kong , macau , and taiwan ) over 300,000 people worship buddha 's finger bone relic in hong kong
while covering the story , the reporter learned that the majority of people who came to worship the display were devout buddhists . in addition , there were viewers who came to have a glimpse of the buddha 's finger bone relic and the accompanying cultural relics .
besides disciples from hong kong who wanted to worship the buddha 's finger bone relic , there were also worshippers from mainland china , southeast asia , and even european countries and america .
relevant figures from the hong kong buddhist association told the reporter that more than 100 tour groups from mainland china and southeast asia had reserved tickets for them through the hong kong tourist development bureau before the worship services started .
paul morley , a briton who made a special trip from britain to hong kong to view the buddha 's finger bone relic , arrived in hong kong on the 25th and did not have time to obtain a ticket in advance . he could only take a chance by going directly to the hong kong convention and exhibition center on the first day ( the 26th ) of the worship services and his wish was fulfilled .
ms . chen , a chinese american who came to worship , said that she felt peace and calmness at heart looking at the buddha 's finger bone relic under a patter of sutra chanting .
mr . zheng , who worked in the electronics industry in shenzhen , specially came to hong kong on the 24th to prepare for the worship services .
he stated that the buddha 's finger bone relic is a national treasure , even for non-buddhists , they could still raise their cultural quality through the viewing .
zeng qinghong attends launch of " national program on the mental and physical health of the next generation " and watches performance
xinhua news agency , beijing , may 31 ( reporter di wei ) - zeng qinghong , the standing committee member of the political bureau of the central committee of the chinese communist party , secretary of the secretariat , and chinese vice president , attended the " launch of the national program on the mental and physical health of the next generation and premiere of the cross-country charity show " held at china children 's theatre and watched the musical play shangri-la with enthusiasm .
while meeting with the relevant person in charge of the organizing unit of this large-scale charity function , zeng qinghong stated , " tomorrow is ' june 1 ' international children 's day . tonight , let us celebrate the festival with teenagers and children , let us enjoy the splendid performance of child artists , let us care for our country 's next generation , and let us do what little we can for the further strengthening and improvement of the ideological and moral standard forming of our minors . "
zeng qinghong emphasized that one of the important aspects of the chinese communist party in founding the party and holding the office for the interests of the people is to do things for the benefit of the next generation and to care for them .
the series of important measures that the communist party and the state council implemented recently to further strengthen and improve the ideological and moral standard forming of minors had reflected the need of the time , the great trust of history , and the hope of the people .
he fully affirmed that the " national program on the mental and physical health of the next generation " was a concrete action to further heighten and advance the ideological and moral forming of minors . the program would be for the well-being of hundreds and millions of families in urban and rural areas across the country and bring benefits to several hundred-million minors of all tribes .
under the accompaniment of soothing music and the charming dance of the performers , the musical play shangri-la was unveiled .
the performers danced with lively steps and the uninhibited dance deeply caught the attention of the audience .
the marvelous performance of the performers elicited rounds of applause .
when the play was over , zeng qinghong and others went onto the stage to congratulate for the success of the performance and posed for a group photo with the performers and the staff to mark the occasion .
before the performance , zeng qinghong and others marked the launch of the " national program on the mental and physical health of the next generation . "
jiang zhenghua , chen zhili , and wang bingqian attended the launch ceremony and watched the performance .
( international ) suicide car bomber attacks baghdad kurdish party seat
xinhua news agency , baghdad , june 1 ( reporter li jizhi ) - muhammad , director of the iraqi patriotic union of kurdistan baghdad office , stated on the 1st that the party 's seat in central western baghdad was attacked by a suicide car bomber on that day , killing at least six people , including the attacker , and injuring approximately 20 .
muhammad told the xinhua news agency reporter that people were celebrating the anniversary of the establishment of the patriotic union of kurdistan when a " bmw " sedan rushed into the seat at high speed and exploded .
muhammad said that the attacker was blown to pieces .
besides , three kurdish militiamen were killed and the bodies of two unidentified people were charred .
he said that this was a targeted terrorist attack and was most probably carried out by the remnant forces of the former regime .
the patriotic union of kurdistan was established by iraqi kurdish leader talabani . it had resisted against the former iraqi central government for a long time .
in the ' 90s of the last century , the party established a local government in northern iraq under us support .
after the major battles in iraq were over , talabani , who was considered as a pro-us force , was elected into the iraqi interim governing council .
when the attack happened , un iraq issue envoy brahimi and officials of the iraqi interim governing council were holding a press conference in the courtyard of the coalition troops ' headquarters nearby to announce the list of the newly formed interim government .
moreover , according to us army sources in iraq , at around 9 a.m . on the 1st , the entrance of a us army base close to the northern iraqi city of baiji was also attacked by a suicide car bomber , at least 11 iraqis were killed and 22 injured , including two us soldiers .
the iraqi police confirmed the attack soon after , claiming that a suicide attacker who was driving a black " bmw " sedan initiated the attack .
( international ) baghdad car bomb explosion killed three
xinhua news agency , baghdad , june 1 - according to a report from the local media , a car bomb exploded outside the office of the patriotic union of kurdistan on the 1st , killing at least three and injuring 20 .
according to sources , the explosion site was not far from the headquarters of the us-british coalition occupation authorities . part of the office building of the patriotic union of kurdistan was destroyed in the attack .
ambulances rushed to the scene immediately to rescue the wounded after the explosion while the us soldiers who are stationed in iraq maintained order at the scene .
us officials who are stationed in iraq claimed that the majority of the wounded were stabbed outside the building by glass sent flying by the explosion .
before the explosion happened , the patriotic union of kurdistan had just finished their commemorative celebration of the organization 's establishment in which several hundreds of people had participated .
a spokesperson of the patriotic union of kurdistan stated that jalal talabani , the organization 's leader and member of the iraqi governing council , was not inside the building when the explosion occurred .
after the gulf war , under the leadership of talabani , the patriotic union of kurdistan , which had close ties with the united states , had become one of the main opposition forces of the saddam regime inside iraq .
the organization 's armed forces joined the military action of the us-british coalition troops in last year 's iraqi war .
after the iraqi governing council decided to nominate present rotating president ghazi al-yawer for the presidential candidacy of the iraqi interim government , repeated explosions had happened in baghdad and nearby areas .
among which , 11 iraqis were killed and two us soldiers were injured in a roadside bomb explosion near the base of the 1st infantry regiment 250 kilometers north of baghdad .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) asia airfreight terminal to triple its current capacity by 2006
xinhua news agency , june 3 - the hong kong airport authority and asia airfreight terminal co . , ltd . held a signing ceremony for the expansion contract of the asia airfreight terminal here on the 3rd .
the hong kong airport authority indicated that the capacity handled by the terminal is expected to triple its current one when the expansion project finishes in 2006 .
according to the contract , asia airfreight terminal co . , ltd . will invest hk $ 1.75-billion to build a second terminal at the hong kong international airport . the new terminal will have a multi-story design with a gross floor area of 117,500 square meters . its handling capacity will be 910,000 tons .
the terminal uses state-of-the-art systems including a material handling system and a pallet container handling system .
it is expected that the new facility will be completed by the end of 2006 . by that time , the handling capacity of asia airfreight terminal will triple its current capacity .
at the signing ceremony , dr . david j . pang , chief executive officer of hong kong airport authority , welcomed the terminal for supporting hong kong as a logistics service hub in the pan-pearl river delta region .
he said that hong kong is a logistic service hub in southern china . with its extensive aviation network , the hong kong international airport can become a stronghold that connects this region and the world .
according to information provided by the airport authority , international airfreight capacity in china is expected to increase by double digits year by year .
air cargo traffic in hong kong is projected to have a long-term steady growth of 6 percent per annum while express cargo will have a growth of 13 percent per annum .
the logistics industry is one of hong kong 's economic pillars . hong kong international airport handled 2.64-million tons in 2003 , a 6.6 percent increase from 2002 .
( international ) organization of american states meeting focuses discussion on anti-corruption
xinhua news agency , quito , june 5 ( reporters jin shenjian , song xinde ) - the 34th organization of american states meeting will be held in the capital city of quito in ecuador from the 6th to the 8th .
the theme of this meeting is " to strive for social and democratic development amid an anti-corruption struggle . "
ocampos , director of the organization of american states in ecuador , revealed to reporters the other day that six to eight anti-corruption measures will be proposed in this meeting , among which will be the adoption of practical and feasible steps to prevent corruption from happening and a request to governments of this region to neither protect nor tolerate any corrupt officials .
the corruption issue is a persistent disease on american states .
former president of peru fujimori , former president of argentina menem , and former president of nicaragua alleman were all sued or were issued an arrest warrant by the judicial organ of their countries for corruption problems .
since 1996 , ecuador has changed five presidents within seven years .
these changes were all closely related to the corruption of some government officials and bankers .
according to official information , the annual economic loss of ecuador brought about by corruption is approximately us $ 2-billion and has seriously affected the economic and social development of the country .
besides , the participants in the meeting will also hold discussions on 97 issues including regional safety and cooperation , anti-terrorism , a drug ban , the elimination of poverty , trade and integration , the upholding of the interests of women and the indians , resolving the haiti crisis , and the acceleration of the peace process in columbia .
the meeting will also elect a new secretary general for the organization of american states .
the organization of america states is a political organization of the american region headquartered in washington , capital of the united states . its predecessor was the international union of american republics established in 1890 . in 1948 , the organization was formally changed to its present name .
in may of this year , the permanent council of the organization of american states decided to formally accept china as the organization 's permanent observer .
china will attend this organization of american states meeting in the capacity of an observer for the first time .
chongqing wansheng mountain landslide caused five deaths , the wounded are recovering
xinhua news agency , june 6 ( reporters xu xuzhong , zhang qin ) - reporters learned from the rescue headquarters at the chongqing wansheng mountain landslide scene that as of 4 p.m . on the 6th , the number of casualties has risen to five , three people were injured , and the number of missing people has dropped to 16 .
in the afternoon of the 6th , reporters met the three wounded , including an adult and two children , at nantong coalmine general hospital and wansheng people 's hospital where they were receiving treatment . at present , they are recovering from their injuries .
according to sources , during the night of june 5 , the 52 people at the disaster area were all evacuated and their boarding and lodging had been properly arranged .
in the morning of the 6th , 13 more people were provided with evacuation arrangements .
for the 17 primary and secondary school students who were hit by the disaster , the commission of education for wansheng district had put someone in charge of the boarding and lodging of the students to ensure that they would be able to afford to go to school despite the disaster .
at around midnight the same day , the relevant leading official from chongqing municipal government led the district commission of wansheng district , the district government , and leaders from departments concerned to visit the resettled people from the disaster area and the families of the people who were killed and missing . they also visited the wounded at the hospital .
currently , consolation work for the families of the deceased and the missing is being carried out vigorously and systematically .
the search at the scene is proceeding in an orderly fashion under the instructions of leadership concerned from chongqing city and the work plan of the headquarters .
since dangers are still looming at the mountain , the headquarters demanded the rescue team to carry out their work under an absolutely safe condition in order to avoid new casualties .
it is reported that the work team responsible for handling problems arising from the accident had arranged the transitional housing for the 14 disaster-stricken families whose houses had collapsed .
asean becomes yunnan 's largest trade partner
xinhua news agency , kunming , june 7 ( reporter li xia ) - according to information provided by the yunnan returned overseas chinese federation , with the continuous development of foreign trade and the new cooperation domain between yunnan and the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) , asean has become yunnan 's largest trade partner .
statistics show that the trade volume between yunnan and member countries of the asean free trade zone accounted for half of yunnan 's foreign trade volume , surpassing the proportion between yunnan and japan , korea , europe and america , hong kong , macau , and taiwan .
according to sources , the foreign trade between yunnan and asean countries is in a more advantageous position while the economic performances of the participating asean countries are also very positive . great developments have been achieved in yunnan 's export economy .
since the ' 90s of the 20th century , bilateral trade volume has steadily remained at about 25 to 35 percent of yunnan 's gross import and export volume .
in 2003 , the gross import and export volume between yunnan and asean countries accounted for around 40 percent of yunnan 's imports and exports .
based on information from relevant figures from the yunnan returned overseas chinese federation , with the overall increase in the import and export trade scale of yunnan , the export scale between yunnan and asean countries has further expanded . the export economy has given a positive push to yunnan 's economic growth , constituting a steady 35 to 45 percent of the gross export volume of the province .
nearly 80 percent of the merchandise exported from yunnan to asean countries are industrial products , which mainly include yellow phosphorus , flue-curved tobacco , and non-ferrous metal .
among which , yellow phosphorus is the main export chemical product of yunnan with an export volume of 60 to 65 percent of that of china .
take year 2003 as an example , the gross foreign export trade volume of yunnan reached us $ 1.5-billion .
the main products imported by yunnan from asean countries include metal ore , logs , agricultural byproducts , and seafood , among which 85 percent is primary products .
it is predictable that in the next 10 to 15 years , there will be a rapid and continuous development in the types of export products and gross export trade volume of yunnan .
( a year after water is retained at the three gorges ) over rmb $ 16 billion corresponding aid from across china poured into the three gorges dam district
xinhua news agency , chongqing , june 8 ( reporters chen min , huang huo , guo li ) - data of the administrative office of the state council three gorges project construction committee shows that the three gorges dam district has already received over rmb $ 16-billion in corresponding assistance from across the country ; among which capital in place for projects under the economic cooperation category account for over rmb $ 14-billion while rmb $ 2-billion goes to projects under the social benefits category .
whether the 1-million immigrants from the three gorges dam district can successfully relocate and become rich is an important task of the three gorges project .
before the three gorges project began in 1992 , the state council had already appealed to provinces across the country and all state ministries and commissions to assist in the relocation of the immigrants and the construction of the dam at the three gorges dam district through various means .
statistics show that as of now , 21 provinces , 10 large and mid-sized cities , and over 50 state ministries and commissions or departments across china have adopted countless means including building projects , technology exchange , market expansion , labor services export , skills training , and financing support to aid the three gorges dam district correspondingly .
over rmb $ 16-billion capital in total has been absorbed by the three gorges dam district , equivalent to one third of the relocation capital of the comparable period .
during the special interview with reporters of the xinhua news agency on the 8th , guo xuemei , chief of chongqing immigration service economic cooperation division , stated that the introduction of capital and projects from the corresponding aid have given impetus to the relocation and economic and social development of the dam area .
for instance , the nearly rmb $ 50-million arranged by the technology department has supported the implementation of almost 50 projects in the chongqing dam district and has increased the production value of the area by more than rmb $ 1.2-billion .
the accumulated capital arranged by the agricultural department is close to rmb $ 100-million , which has promoted development projects including the introduction of new citrus species and fine breeding of slaughtered lambs in the dam area .
a large number of brand name products such as wahaha of hangzhou and bai mao of shanghai , as well as famous quality enterprises also entered and stationed in the dam region one after another , thus quickening the pace in establishing a modernized business system and developing agricultural industrialization in the dam area .
( international ) chinese delegate emphasizes elimination of poverty as priority mission of current society
xinhua news agency , geneva , june 8 ( reporter ding xigang ) - wang dongjin , vice minister of the ministry of labor and social security of china , stated in geneva on the 8th that during the course of the new age of globalization , the gap between the rich and the poor among developing and advanced countries is intensifying . eliminating poverty is the shared responsibility of countries in the world . regardless of advanced or developing countries , they should all be beneficiaries of globalization .
wang dongjin spoke at the 92nd international labor organization conference , saying that facing the challenges and difficulties of globalization , developing countries should enact feasible economic and sustainable social developmental strategies according to their countries ' situations . advanced countries and international organizations should provide the developing countries with a more practical and effective technical assistance to raise their ability to participate in the globalization process , thus allowing them to enjoy fairly the fruits of economic globalization from which common prosperity and development of the world can be realized .
wang dongjin claimed that china has made great achievements by insisting on a comprehensive and sustainable developmental outlook that sees people as the priority , and putting emphasis on the synchronized advancement of economic and social developments .
thus , an important duty of the chinese social domain within a very long time in the future is to create productive and respectable job opportunities for tens of millions of workers .
wang dongjin further proposed to the international labor organization that a less reproaching and punishing approach and more assisting and promoting measures should be adopted in the aspect of the implementation of labor standards .
diversity in the development and systems of different world regions should be respected . work focus should be decided according to the specific situation of different countries in order to help member states with increasing their approval and enforcement capabilities so that the protection of workers ' rights can be truly realized .
the 92nd international labor conference was held in geneva from june 1 to 17 . more than 2,000 delegates from 177 countries participated in the conference .
juan somavia , director-general of the international labor office , submitted a report " a fair globalization : the role of the ilo " to the conference .
shanghai resumes conditional live chicken trade
xinhua news agency , shanghai , june 8 ( reporter ji ming ) - han zheng , the mayor of shanghai , visited two live chicken retail locations in the shanghai zhabie district and the putuo district on the 8th to personally inspect the sanitation and epidemic prevention conditions at the markets , and decided to implement a provisional lift on the live chicken trade in shanghai .
since this february , shanghai has completely stopped the live chicken trade due to the impact of the highly pathogenic bird flu .
at this point , bird flu preventive work has achieved initial victory ; as a result , appeals from shanghai residents who have a habit of eating freshly slaughtered chickens also grow stronger every day . the shanghai government is contemplating lifting the ban on the live chicken trade .
even though reopening the market is an act of listening to the people , han zheng still asked the relevant government departments in shanghai to carry out extensive research to gather opinions from all sides , and will consider resuming market trade under the premise that the shanghai residents ' health is ensured .
after inquiring about the entire workflow of the live chicken trade and the detailed sanitary and environmental protection measures and holding an " on site meeting on regulating the live chicken trade activities and establishing a long-term poultry disease prevention mechanism , " han zheng decided to conditionally reopen shanghai 's live chicken trade .
han zheng said that the so-called conditional opening was " to abide by the disease and epidemic prevention , to have high standards and strict requirements , to ensure the public health , to ensure that no new epidemic happens , and to assure that the market is standardized , orderly , and stable . "
according to the requirements of the provisional lift , from now on , shanghai will implement technical standards and foundations for equipment for the live chicken trade market according to scientific methods , and the verification procedure before the market opens and sample testing after it closes will all be carried out with a strict adherence to the standards .
at the same time , measures will be implemented , like controlling market access and raising supervision standards to strengthen the long-term effective management of the live chicken market so that it will always be under control .
currently , shanghai has chosen six locations in six districts as the pilot locations for the live chicken trade . the live chicken trade is expected to begin progressively starting next month .
from now on , markets in shanghai will be scientifically planned and rationally distributed based on different regional characteristics and the population density in order to achieve better disease prevention , provide more convenience and benefit to people , and have stronger supervision and management .
( international ) " spirit " gathers new evidence of water on mars
xinhua news agency , washington , june 8 ( reporter mao lei ) - nasa scientists disclosed on the 8th that " spirit , " the mars rover , created a trench at the " gusev crater " region and discovered new evidence of past existence of water at the region through analysis of soil from the trench .
scientists reported at the press conference that the survey results from the alpha particle x-ray spectrometer on the " spirit " revealed that there was a relatively high concentration of mineral salts in the soil from the trench , newly excavated by the mars rover .
the spectrometer found traces of sulfur and magnesium in the soil and the contents of the two elements had synchronized changes at different locations in the trench .
scientists pointed out that these two elements might have existed in the form of magnesium sulfate .
squyres , chief scientist of the mars rover program , provided an explanation that he believed might be the most plausible for the above discovery : " water percolated through the subsurface and dissolved out minerals . as water evaporated near the surface , it left concentrated salts behind . "
" spirit " and its twin brother " opportunity " successively landed on mars in january , with the primary mission of studying whether water once existed on mars .
during exploration on its landing site , " meridiani planum , " " opportunity " discovered evidence showing that part of the region was drenched with liquefied saltwater in the past .
" spirit " had also found telltale signs of the existence of water in other parts of the " gusev crater " before .
the two mars rovers had successively fulfilled their originally planned 90-day martian missions in april and are now looking into new major scientific exploration targets .
according to scientists , after driving on mars for 3.2 kilometers , " spirit " is getting closer to a group of small mountains .
" opportunity " officially began its attempt to enter an aerolite quarry the size of an outdoor football field on the 8th , us local time .
( news from xiamen ) xiamen enacts law to protect environment
xinhua news agency , fuzhou , june 9 ( reporter su jie ) - the fujian province national people 's congress recently passed the " xiamen municipal environmental protection law , " submitted for approval by the xiamen city people 's congress . the law was officially implemented on june 5 .
the xiamen environmental protection law consists of 6 clauses and 55 articles .
with regard to ecological protection , the law stipulates : the destruction of public welfare forests , mangrove forests , wetlands , and natural scenery resources protected by law by any unit and individual is prohibited . the engagement in activities that endanger the survival of rare ocean species of xiamen and species inside state-level reserves by any unit and individual are prohibited .
sea enclosures and reclamations that reduce the tide-receiving level and shorten the coastline at waters west of xiamen and tong an bay are prohibited . sea enclosures and reclamations at other waters of the municipality and along its coastline should be strictly controlled .
with regard to the management of construction projects , the law stipulates : the establishment of highly pollutant businesses , including small-scale electroplate plants , paper mills , tanneries , smelteries , cement plants , and dyeing plants that are explicitly outlawed by the state , provincial , and municipal governments is prohibited .
the utilization of outdated production technologies and equipment that is highly pollutant and explicitly outlawed by the state in the production operation is prohibited .
with regard to pollution prevention , the law stipulates : the waste discharge permit system will be implemented .
pollutant dischargers should discharge pollutants according to the pollutant type , quantity , concentration level or strength , and the discharge method outlined in the pollutant discharge permit .
pollutant dischargers who do not possess a pollutant discharge permit or whose permit has expired are banned from discharging pollutants .
( sports ) greek " olympics ambassador " moved by enthusiasm of olympic torch relay in beijing
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 9 ( reporters wang yong , gao peng ) - the athens olympic torch was passed on in the ancient capital of beijing in great fervor on the 9th . greek " olympics ambassador " spiros lambridis , who was watching the relay at tiananmen square , was moved by the enthusiasm of the chinese people .
he stated that the olympic torch relay enabled the special cultural blending between the two ancient-civilized countries of greece and china , and he was deeply moved by it .
" zeus , " the chartered plane carrying the olympic torch , arrived at the beijing international airport at 6:23 a.m . on the 8th .
when the cabin door opened at 6:40 , the person bringing the olympic torch to beijing for the first time was spiros lambridis .
afterwards , carrying the olympic torch , he also appeared at the mutianyu section of the great wall , which was more than 70 kilometers from downtown beijing , to participate in the display activities .
the " olympics ambassador " described the picture of the olympic torch with the chinese great wall as its backdrop a splendid moment that would leave a solemn stroke on olympic history .
the glorious chinese culture had left a deep impression on him during his brief two-day stay in beijing .
when interviewed by reporters of the xinhua news agency , he stated emotionally that historic sites in beijing , including the imperial palace , the temple of heaven , and the great wall , had fully manifested the long-standing and magnificent chinese culture . at the same time , the robust modern ethos of beijing was also very fascinating .
the blending of the olympic spirit and eastern culture was an important manifestation of olympic cultural values .
according to kristin , spokesperson for the athens olympic organizing committee , " olympics ambassador " spiros lambridis is a greek diplomat with over 20 years of diplomatic experience and who can speak fluent greek , english , french , italian , and spanish .
at present , he is the senior diplomatic advisor for the athens olympic organizing committee and is specifically responsible for affairs relating to the global relay of the torch .
( international ) eu welcomes turkey 's release of former pro-kurdish mps
xinhua news agency , ankara , june 10 ( reporter zheng jinfa ) - turkey 's highest court of appeals announced on the 9th that it would release four former pro-kurdish turkish members of the parliament who had been imprisoned for 10 years . the news was immediately welcomed by the european union .
these four former mps , namely leyla zana , hatip dicle , orhan dogan , and selim sadat , were once pro-kurdish democratic mps from turkey . they were arrested in 1994 .
after learning about the release of these four former mps , the european parliament and the european commission released a welcome statement . they believed it would be beneficial to turkey 's joining the european union .
hansjoerg kretschemer , head of the eu delegation to turkey , issued a statement claiming that turkey 's decision to release these four former mps was a " positive step , " and was exactly " what we have long hoped for . "
peter westmacott , british ambassador to turkey , indicated that turkey 's decision was an " important step " forward in the process of turkey 's joining the european union .
the european union had long been urging turkey to release these four former mps . however , in april , the ankara state security court sentenced them all to 15 years in prison for " carrying out the instructions of leaders of the kurdistan workers ' party and promoting separatist activities at home and overseas . "
the verdict was strongly condemned and protested by the european parliament .
at that time , some observers believed that such a verdict would dim the hopes for commencing negotiations between turkey and the european union , and cast a shadow on the future of turkey 's admittance to the union .
( international ) iraqi kurds dissatisfied with new iraqi resolution
xinhua news agency , baghdad , june 9 - nasreen berwari , the kurdish minister for public works in iraq 's interim government , stated on the 9th that there was no reference to the recognition of autonomy for kurds in the new iraqi resolution that was unanimously passed by the un security council on the 8th . iraqi kurds were dissatisfied with it and the kurdish members of the interim government were ready to resign .
berwari stated , " if the [ kurdish ] leadership calls on us to withdraw from the government , we will do so . "
before the un security council voted on the new resolution , kurdish leaders talabani and barzani had threatened to withdraw kurdish members from the interim government and boycott next year 's election .
berwari added that to refuse to recognize the interim constitution was to refuse to recognize the rights of ethnic minorities in iraq .
the un security council passed the new iraqi resolution on the 8th , endorsing the iraqi interim government and stipulating the end of us-british occupation of iraq by june 30 .
the resolution specified that a federal system would be adopted in the future in iraq . however , it did not fulfill the request of iraqi kurdish leaders to recognize iraq 's interim constitution .
according to the iraqi interim constitution passed in march this year , in the future referendum that will decide the permanent constitution of iraq , the constitution will be vetoed if three provinces , including the three northern provinces controlled by kurds , object to it .
al-sistani , an iraqi shiite moslem leader , had reservations about this clause .
he once issued a statement emphasizing that no un resolution should endorse a constitution that has not been enacted through legal procedures .
( international ) french president chirac meets with zeng peiyan
xinhua news agency , paris , june 11 ( reporter liang guihe ) - french president chirac met with visiting vice premier of the chinese state council , zeng peiyan , at the �l ys �e palace on the night of the 11th .
during the meeting , chirac stated that when chairman hu jingtao visited france at the beginning of the year , his visit happened to coincide with the 40th anniversary of the establishment of official sino-french diplomatic relations . his visit was of great significance and a thorough success .
the french people warmly received the magnificent activities held during chinese culture year in france .
at present , preparation work for the french culture year in china is progressing smoothly . he hoped that french culture year would be as successful as the chinese one .
chirac said that sino-french cooperation in areas including nuclear energy , transportation , and aviation are excellent and have great potential .
france is willing to actively participate in china 's economic construction and develop closer cooperative ties with china .
moreover , chirac was stunned by the killing of the chinese workers who were assisting in reconstruction work in afghanistan . he also expressed his condolences to the victims ' families .
zeng peiyan stated that great achievements had been made in chairman hu jingtao 's january visit to france . the two leaders had reached a broad consensus on strengthening cooperation between the two countries in various aspects and had laid a solid foundation in furthering the comprehensive strategic partnership between the two countries and promoting sino-french cooperation .
currently , the mutual trust between china and france in the political sphere is continuously being enhanced , while exceptional achievements have been made in areas including trade , technology , and culture .
the chinese government attaches great importance to the development of an all-over cooperation with france and is willing to join hands with france to advance the sino-french comprehensive strategic partnership .
zeng peiyan stated that the chinese people are looking forward to president chirac 's next visit to china and to hosting the opening ceremony of the french culture year in person . he believed that president chirac 's visit would further promote the development of the sino-french relationship .
( sports ) greek team head coach rehhagel : we made history
xinhua news agency , porto , june 12 ( reporters liu ning , shu wen ) - after the stunning 2:1 win over host team portugal at the opening game of the 2004 euro championships , " king otto " rehhagel , the greek team head coach , could not conceal his excitement and said in an elated mood that the greek team had made new team history in porto .
rehhagel said , " this is the biggest victory in the history of the greek national team .
the tactics and strategies we chose in the past week worked really well . tomorrow is sunday and i hope that all greeks will hang their national flags outside their houses .
we will be excited for a little while tonight . however , tomorrow , we will be concentrating on the next match that comes four days from now . "
seven minutes into the game , inter milan 's midfielder karagounis opened the score for the greek team . he indicated after the game that the purpose of the entire greek team coming to portugal was to win .
he stated , " nobody knew what kind of results we will get before the game , including us .
the host team seemed very nervous . we won the game .
we should enjoy this victorious moment today , but we will not stop . we have only had 3 points and have not won qualification in our group yet . "
the kicking of karagounis outside the penalty area had left the portuguese fans at dragao stadium dumbfounded . zagorakis , the greek team captain said , " this is a great honor we won for the country . everybody is thinking about how to win now .
our efforts over the past two years have finally paid off . we were more pragmatic than the portuguese team in the game . the victory should belong to us . we kept the promise we made before the game . "
( sports ) zheng jie  yan zi set best record in chinese grass court tennis
xinhua news agency , london , june 12 - the semi-final match for the first women 's grass court match of the season , with a total prize of us $ 170,000 in dfs international women 's tennis , came to an end in birmingham in britain on the 12th .
with a 0:2 record , chinese star double players zheng jie and yan zi failed to win the semi-final match . however , their advancement to the final four was the best grass court record for chinese tennis players .
the opponents who kept zheng jie and yan zi from the final round were a transnational team with a combined world ranking of 20 places lower than they were . they were the world doubles ranking of 49th australian 4th seed mcshea and the world doubles ranking of 58th venezuelan player sequera .
the two sides were hitting back and forth in the first set . after each won a serving game over their opponents , the match entered a tiebreaker .
at a critical moment , zheng jie and yan zi suffered a setback and lost the set by 4:7 .
in the second set , their opponents gained total control of the game and won 6-0 in the end .
from the technical analysis of the game , the two sides were very close in all areas in the first set . nonetheless , in the second set , zheng jie and yan zi were inferior to their opponents in all respects .
others from the chinese team who also participated in this tournament included star double players li ting and sun tiantian . together with zheng jie , who took part in the singles , they were all defeated in the first round of the tournament .
since chinese tennis players seldom train or compete on a grass court in china , they are generally more nervous in the grass court tournament and their performance is usually poorer .
chinese tennis players are more skilled on the hard court .
at present , the four chinese women mentioned above are actively preparing for this year 's third grand slam , which will start on the 21st - the wimbledon grass tennis open .
( selected newspaper collections ) beijing reevaluates hotel star ratings in july
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 16 - the reporter received information from the beijing tourist bureau that the all-new hotel star ratings standard will go into effect on july 1 . the new standard will break free from the lifelong hotel star ratings system .
according to sources , the new system will eliminate the lifelong hotel star ratings system and replace it with an evaluation every five years .
any hotel that was rated with the star ratings system before december 31 , 1998 will be evaluated and ranked according to the new standard . these hotels will first be rechecked , and the ones that do not meet the standard will be ordered to renovate and their ratings will be lowered if they still have not reached the standard after renovation . hotels that have been evaluated since 1999 will be reevaluated and the evaluation plate originally issued by the national tourism administration will be replaced with the star-ratings plate issued by the national star-ratings commission .
the biggest change in the new standard is the loosening of the ratings standard for food and drink in the star-ratings hotels , for instance , the number of restaurants required has been reduced .
the new standard also provides a broad selection space for the star ratings of small tourist hotels , to avoid using the same standard to regulate all hotels .
the evaluation standard for hotels rated three stars and below has been loosened , while the evaluation standard for the comfort level of hotels rated four stars and above has been enhanced .
according to xinjing news , more than 200 of the star-rated hotels in china were evaluated before 1999 , accounting for almost 30 percent of total star-rated hotels , among them high-class hotels such as crowne plaza , the great wall sheraton , and hilton .
industry figures stated that since the facilities of individual hotels rated multiple stars in beijing are extremely outdated , their star ratings might drop in the reevaluation process .
( chinese workers attacked incident ) zheng mingwen , worker killed in afghanistan , to be buried in hometown in a traditional funeral
xinhua news agency , jinan , june 15 ( reporter wang rutang ) - wang muliang , branch secretary of xin xing village in zhu cheng city of shandong province , said on the 15th that xin xing village will bury zheng mingwen in a traditional funeral .
at present , the village has already had adequate preparations , from manpower to materials . when the time comes , everything will be carried out systematically according to local customs .
according to sources , the bodies of 11 workers who were killed in afghanistan , including zheng mingwen , were all transported to jiangxi in a chartered plane on the 14th .
the wife , children , and siblings of zheng mingwen , accompanied by the relevant people-in-charge from china railway no . 14 subsidiary company and the local government also rushed to nanchang on the 14th .
currently , only zheng mingwen 's 77-year-old elderly mother remains behind at his home .
the village has arranged for zang jiaying , a member of the family planning committee of the village , to take care of the daily needs of zheng mingwen 's mother .
the party branch in the village has shouldered the task of organizing the funeral that is usually done by individual families , by convening their family and friends . twenty-four villagers from eight villagers ' groups are reassigned to arrange for the entire funeral .
a villager said that even though this funeral is rather special , they would still follow local customs and hold a traditional funeral for zheng mingwen who was killed overseas .
when the victim 's body or ashes are transported back to his home , it will stay there for a day or two before the burial . after relatives and friends come to bid farewell , it will be carried to the cemetery for burial .
wang muliang stated that under ordinary circumstances , zheng mingwen 's body will be cremated in nanchang and the relatives who hurried there will only bring his ashes home .
the local custom is to hold a funeral and build a tomb on the same day . the time is extremely tight , so it has to be arranged ahead of time .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) nearly 80 percent of taiwan graduating students still jobless
xinhua news agency , taipei , june 15 ( reporter zhu huaying ) - a survey released on the 14th in taiwan shows that close to 400,000 students will be graduating from colleges in taiwan in june . however , at present , only 21.33 percent of the graduates have actually landed a job , while the other nearly 80 percent are still looking for jobs .
this " college graduate employment seeking situation survey " prepared by taiwan 1111 manpower bank was conducted in the form of an internet questionnaire . the duration of the study was from may 12 to 27 and the total number of usable samples received was 1,702 .
the study shows that 52 percent of the respondents indicated that they would start working immediately after graduation , 22 percent planned to continue their studies , 12 percent would join the army , while some failed to graduate due to various reasons .
the study found out that despite the fact that almost 80 percent of the graduates are out of a job at the moment , they are still very confident about the future .
twenty-five percent of the respondents claimed that if they can not find a suitable job , they would rather stay unemployed ; 13 percent of the graduates have decided to start their own business , while 33 percent have such plans .
according to the same type of study conducted by the company last year , only 6 percent of last year 's graduates wanted to start an undertaking , indicating that the younger generation in taiwan is becoming more interested in starting their own businesses .
with regard to the choice of professions , the study shows that when choosing their first job , " interest " is the priority for 29 percent of the graduates , " work environment " and " salary " is next .
taiwan 1111 manpower bank also conducted a study on the hiring plan of businesses in taiwan . the results show that as high as 83 percent of businesses plan to hire new employees this year . " willing to learn and malleability " are the primary consideration criteria for 74 percent of these businesses , while 58 percent require the graduates to have " high work reliability and compatibility . "
( sports ) the philippines expects to have 15 track and field gold medals in the coming southeast asian games
xinhua news agency , manila , june 15 ( reporter guo chunju ) - according to a report by philippines news agency on the 15th , ching kwok ng , the president of the philippines track and field association , stated that philippine track and field athletes are expected to win 15 gold medals in next year 's southeast asian games .
the report cited ching kwok ng as saying that , according to the results of the nationwide track and field athletic meets held recently in the philippines , the personnel concerned expected the philippines to win as many as 15 gold medals in the track and field events in the coming southeast asian games .
he stated that with the support of philippine nationals , it 's possible that the filipino players would set this excellent record , thereby surpassing thailand to rank first in the total number of gold medals in track and field events .
during the southeast asian games held in kuala lumpur in malaysia in 2001 , ching kwok ng anticipated the philippines would have eight gold medals . in the end , the filipino players exceeded his expectations and won nine gold medals , enabling the philippines to rank second in the total number of gold medals in track and field events , after thailand .
in the 22nd southeast asian games held in vietnam last year , the philippines won eight track and field gold medals , two short of ching kwok ng 's expected number of 10 . however , it came in second place with vietnam and malaysia in the total number of gold medals , while thailand was still in first place .
the 23rd southeast asian games is initially planned to be held in manila from november 20 to 30 , 2005 .
athletes from the philippines , thailand , indonesia , east timor , malaysia , cambodia , laos , vietnam , brunei , myanmar , and singapore will participate in this tournament .
( international ) us expects to pay us $ 6 billion in damages to 9  11 victims
xinhua news agency , washington , june 15 ( reporters pan yunzhao , tan xinmu ) - the u.s . government fund responsible for the compensation paid to victims of the 9  11 incident and their families will finish processing all compensation claims on the 15th . the amount of final compensation is expected to exceed us $ 6 billion .
charles miller , the spokesperson from the justice department responsible for managing the fund , said that the 9  11 victim compensation fund has paid out more than us $ 5 billion so far . the final compensation amount is expected to exceed us $ 6 billion .
kenneth feinberg , the person in charge of the fund , said that after all the compensation claims have been processed , the relevant payout will be completed within six to eight weeks .
the victims and their families will receive compensation between us $ 500 to $ 8.6 million , depending on factors such as the victim 's income , family situation , and age . the average compensation amount will be around us $ 2-million .
the 9  11 victim compensation fund was set up by the us congress two weeks after the attack on september 11 , 2001 . its aim is to provide compensation to the victims and at the same time to protect the related airlines from going bankrupt because of compensation claims from victims and their families .
according to relevant provisions , victims and their families who apply for the compensation from the fund must give up their right to claim damages from the u.s . government , the airlines , and the insurance companies .
according to sources , before the deadline of the claim on last december 22 , families of victims killed in the incident had submitted almost 2,970 claims ; around 4,400 claims were submitted by the wounded and their families , while approximately 100 victims ' families had decided to claim damages through legal means .
( international ) jackson previously paid us $ 23 million in a pedophilia case
xinhua news agency , los angeles , june 15 ( reporter zhi linfei ) - according to a report by u.s . court tv on the 15th , a relevant document showed that michael jackson , the king of u.s . pop , once paid us $ 23-million in compensation to the boy who accused him , the boy 's parents , and lawyers in order to settle the pedophilia case in 1994 .
the television station claimed that it had obtained a legal document bearing the signatures of jackson and the two lawyers whom he hired at that time .
in the document , jackson agreed to set up a trust fund of us $ 15.3-million for the aggrieved boy and pay him a 7-figure compensation . he also consented to paying each of the boy 's parents us $ 1.5-million in damages respectively and pay the lawyer representing the plaintiff over $ 5 million in legal and miscellaneous fees .
according to sources , these payments did not even include the huge legal fees jackson paid to his own lawyers .
this was the first time the media revealed the concrete compensation figure jackson paid in the pedophilia case in 1994 .
raymone bain , jackson 's spokeswoman , stated that she could not confirm the authenticity of the document shown by the television station , because when jackson and the plaintiff reached the reconciliation agreement at that time , there were strict confidential provisions .
she pointed out that whether the above report was true or not , it all showed that someone was attempting to use the last case to influence the new pedophilia case that jackson is involved in .
45-year-old jackson was arrested under the charge of molesting a los angeles boy at the end of last year and was released after paying us $ 3-million in bail .
this april , he was indicted again for 10 charges , including child molestation , administering an intoxicating agent to a minor , and attempting to illegally confine a minor .
however , jackson insisted that he is innocent .
a court session for this case is expected to be held in september .
guangzhou honda recalls 70,000 cars for maintenance
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , june 18 ( reporter chen ji ) - guangzhou honda automotive company ltd . submitted a market policy report on the free maintenance or replacement of fuel tanks on the 18th to relevant state departments .
due to a crack in the welding spot between the fuel tank and the combustion compartment that appeared in an extremely small number of ' 03 accord sedans , guangzhou honda will examine and repair or replace the fuel tanks of 70,240 ' 03 accord sedans produced between january 15 and october 29 , 2003 .
the person-in-charge of guangzhou honda stated that " not to manufacture , not to overlook , and not to accept " any low quality products have always been an emphasis of guangzhou honda .
even though cracks in the welding spot between the fuel tank and the combustion compartment were observed in an extremely small number of ' 03 accord sedans , and no accident has been attributed to this factor so far , the issue of quality is never a minor problem for any responsible business . guangzhou honda thus decided to adopt such measures .
guangzhou honda had attached great importance to this matter after receiving the first market report on may 17 , 2003 .
during the last ten days of may last year , after in-depth factor analyses and real situation road tests , the guangzhou honda parts-supplier network discovered that when the car was driven on an uneven road surface at high speeds , it resulted in a vigorous vibration of the car , which might lead to a crack in the welding spot between the fuel tank and the combustion compartment .
guangzhou honda confirmed that up until now , no accident of the ' 03 accord sedan has been attributed to this factor .
since new technology has been adopted , this phenomenon will not happen in any ' 03 accord sedan manufactured by guangzhou honda after october 29 , 2003 .
this problem also does not exist in other car models produced by guangzhou honda .
( international ) iraqis believe saddam should stand trial in iraq
xinhua news agency , baghdad , june 18 ( reporters li jizhi , li guorong ) - even though iraqis reacted differently toward the greatly debated timing and way in which former iraqi president saddam should be transferred to iraq to stand trial , the majority previously interviewed by reporters of the xinhua news agency believed that saddam should be tried by an iraqi court .
hassan , a 45-year-old employee at the iraqi ministry of trade , said that us troops should hand over saddam to the iraqi government . however , with the unstable situation now , saddam should not be tried immediately .
abdullah , one of hassan 's colleagues , hoped that people would stop making a fuss over the issue of saddam because the most pressing concern at present is to restore social order .
muhsin , a specialist of the iraqi joint attorneys office , stated that the united states and iraq have many legal issues to resolve at this time . the deciding factor for saddam 's handover before june 30 is whether the two sides can finish their discussions on these issues within this period .
he added that even if saddam is transferred to iraq , he should not be tried by the present iraqi special war crimes tribunal because this court was formed under us occupation , thus representing the interests of the occupation forces .
muhsin also suggested trying saddam in an independent court set up under the guidance of the new iraqi government .
oraibi , a high school student , said that saddam and his colleagues should be tried by an iraqi judge according to iraqi laws , and that saddam should not continue to be locked up in a us military prison after the occupation .
he added that the current iraqi interim government was not set up through legitimate procedures , thus the responsibility for trying saddam should fall on the shoulders of a new transitional government formed by the election .
allawi , prime minister of the iraqi interim government , announced earlier that u.s . troops would definitely hand over saddam to iraq before the transfer of sovereignty from the occupation forces to iraq on june 30 . nonetheless , u.s . president bush later stated that the united states would not hand over saddam in a situation in which the iraqi government could not secure public order .
intense discussions between the united states and iraq regarding the relevant issues are in progress .
economics nobel laureates attend " overseas economist forum " in wuhan
apart from the nine us economists who engage in the study of chinese economic issues , two relatively influential chinese economic specialists , each from canada and hong kong were also invited to attend the symposium .
one of the themes of the symposium was the progress of the modern economic front , while the other was a special topic on the chinese economy .
since these famous economists had understanding of both the modern economic front and the chinese economy , they had attracted a huge audience from within and outside the university and had made an important impact .
the special discussion topics on the modern economic front included microeconomics , macroeconomics , econometrics , and auction theories . five economists , including wang xiaojun , assistant professor at the hawaii university at manoa in the united states , had expounded on each of these topics .
the special topics on the chinese economy included a summary on chinese economic development , the future of chinese financial reforms , the choice of chinese foreign exchange rate and trade surplus , and some current hot topics . six economists , including xu zhenhu , professor at georgia state university in the united states , had shared their opinions on the issues .
( international ) russia welcomes iaea-iran continuous cooperation
xinhua news agency , moscow , june 18 - russian deputy foreign minister kisliak issued a statement to the media here on the 18th stating that the resolution on iran 's nuclear issue passed by the board of governors of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) was aimed at maintaining cooperation between iran and the iaea and that russia was supportive of this intent to cooperate .
kisliak stated that the objective of the above resolution was to continue cooperation between the two parties in order to remove the international society 's worries about issues relating to iran 's nuclear program , which was extremely important .
he believed that this objective would be fulfilled as long as the iaea continued its cooperation with iran .
he indicated that russia once hoped that the iaea could pass a normal work resolution on iran 's nuclear program , so as to show the progress made by the cooperation between iran and the iaea .
russia was satisfied that the resolution passed had reflected such progress . he also pointed out that a series of issues still exists in iran 's nuclear program and the solving of these issues requires the continuous effort of both sides .
the resolution passed on that day also showed that both parties had the intention to resolve all remaining issues .
the iaea board of governors passed the resolution on iran 's nuclear issue in vienna on that day .
the resolution acknowledged that iran had made some efforts in cooperating with the iaea 's nuclear inspection . however , it also pointed out that some issues in iran 's nuclear activities still demanded prompt explanations . iran should further collaborate with the iaea by actively providing information so that the nuclear inspection could be completed as soon as possible .
iranian foreign minister kharrazi criticized the resolution passed by the iaea on the same day , saying that it was a politically motivated product .
nonetheless , he stated that iran would continue to work with the organization .
" national treasure " qu zi temple undergoes major renovation
xinhua news agency , changsha , june 19 ( reporters huang xinghua , ming xing ) - qu zi temple , the only extant ancient structure in memory of qu yuan , and a state-level protected cultural relic in china , will undergo a major renovation after this year 's dragon boat festival .
li liquan , the chief of qu yuan memorial hall , explained that this major renovation would be completed by the next dragon boat festival . the state cultural relics bureau has specifically allocated rmb 3-million yuan in renovation funds .
the major renovation will adhere to the principle of " repair the old as it was before . " for remaining issues , such as the modification of the building structure , those with a basis to follow will be restored , while others will remain untouched .
various degrees of renovation will be done with regard to direct dangers , such as leakage and rotten structural framework and indirect dangers , such as cracking of the floor .
the ministry of culture will hire local specialized technical departments to design and check lurking dangers , such as termites and grounding of lightening .
qu zi temple , located at the side of miluo river in hunan , is also called qu yuan temple , miluo temple , and san lu temple . it was built by the people of chu during the warring states period , in memory of the great patriotic poet qu yuan . the extant structural style was that of the 19th year of qing qianlong ( 1,754 ad ) .
qu zi temple is a post and panel structure with an area of over 1,651 square meters . the temple consists of a vestibule , a center hall , a rear room , a wing-room , and corridors . its length from north to south is over 50 meters and that from east to west is over 32 meters .
neighboring relics include the sao altar , the du xing pavilion , and the zhuo ying bridge .
several major renovations had taken place since the liberation .
in 1952 , hunan province allotted rmb 30,000 yuan for comprehensive repairs .
in 1976 , after experiencing the vicissitudes of the cultural revolution , the local government replaced the broken doors and windows inside the temple , changed the decayed purlin and the doors and pillars that were eroded by termites , and put in exhibits for the first time .
during the major renovation in 1980 , the sao altar and the zhuo ying bridge were reinforced and the exhibits were expanded and updated .
u.s . delegation arrives in beijing for the second work group meeting of six-nation talks
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 19 ( liao lei , qiu zhao , hao yalin ) - the u.s . delegation to the six-nation talks on the north korean nuclear issue arrived at the beijing international airport on the 19th for the second work group meeting .
the delegation from north korea participating in the talks arrived in beijing on the morning of the 19th .
delegations from south korea , russia , and japan may arrive in beijing on the 20th .
six delegations from china , north korea , the united states , south korea , russia , and japan will hold the third round of the six-nation talks at fang fei yuan of the diaoyutai state guesthouse from the 23rd to the 26th .
at present , the concerned parties all declined to disclose the detailed agenda for the second work group meeting and the third round of the six-nation talks .
according to sources , only the chief of the russian delegation was changed , to russian special envoy alexander alekseyev ; the chiefs of the other delegations remain the same .
the chief of the russian delegation , who participates in the six-nation talks , is scheduled to arrive in beijing on the 20th , while those of the north korean , south korean , and japanese delegations will arrive in beijing on the 22nd separately .
the chiefs of the delegations that participated in the second round of the six-nation talks held in beijing at the end of february this year included china 's vice foreign minister wang yi , north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan , u.s . assistant secretary of state kelly , south korean deputy foreign minister lee soo-hyuck , russian deputy foreign minister losyukov , and the director general of the asian and oceanic affairs bureau of the japanese foreign ministry , mitoji yabunaka .
while answering earlier inquiries by reporters , zhang qiyue , spokesperson for the chinese foreign ministry , stated that the objective reality was that , with in-depth discussions on practical issues , differences and conflicts among the parties have become more evident , and more and more difficulties have emerged .
the related parties had also made ample calculations on the difficulties of progress in the talks .
she stated that china would continue to work hard in mediating and encouraging talks , and would strive for progress in the talks .
extra long bridge completed at qinghai-tibet railway yangtze river source
xinhua news agency , tuotuo river , june 20 ( reporters xiao lin , la ba ) - construction of the qinghai-tibet railway extra long bridge at the yangtze river source was completed on the 20th . its completion signified that the qinghai-tibet railway has already cut across the yangtze river source .
standing in front of the " yangtze river source " stele and gazing out over the tuotuo river , a long dragon cuts across the surface of the river and the clear water flow runs like a galloping horse - - this is the first long bridge at the yangtze river source - - the yangtze river source extra long bridge .
the yangtze river source bridge is 1,389.6 meters long and has 42 holes .
the tuotuo river , where the bridge is located , is the large river thawing area at the center of the frozen earth district in qinghai plateau . it bears both the characteristics of frozen earth and a thawing area , thus creating certain difficulties for construction .
in order to minimize disruption of the frozen earth by the project , the unit in charge of construction used a rotary drilling machine and adopted the method of " quick-drill , quick-construction " in their work .
each spring , when the ice layers in the river begin to melt , it causes huge ice floes to flow downstream . in order to prevent the piers from being damaged , the construction unit also used 1-cm-thick steel plates to wrap the part of the piers where water meets .
the issue that raised the most concern when working at the source of the yangtze river was the environmental protection issue .
the railway building company adopted various measures to protect the local environment from pollution . the mud created during the drilling of the hole posts had to undergo precipitating treatment twice and the release of any non-precipitated mud directly into the river was strictly forbidden . the purified water from the sedimentation tank was used in roadbed construction and in watering the pavement . other discarded materials , including waste materials and waste residues , were all transported to the borrow pit and leveled .
even though the construction of the qinghai-tibet railway was carried out at full pace , the environment of the tuotuo river located at the source of the yangtze river was not affected . monitoring data from the environmental protection department showed that the water quality at the source of the yangtze river had not changed since the qinghai-tibet railway project began .
china speeds up strategic study on yangtze delta region population development
xinhua news agency , shanghai , june 20 ( reporter chou yi ) - china is speeding up its strategic study on the yangtze delta region population development in order to obtain an accurate grasp on the basic population data of the yangtze delta region , for the drafting of mid - and long-term population development strategic blueprints , and the proposal of population development strategies and relevant policy suggestions on economic development .
according to information the reporter obtained from the " yangtze delta region population development strategy seminar " held on the 20th , this study is run by the shanghai population and family planning commission , with the cooperation of government departments , including the population and family planning commission of the " two provinces and one city " of the yangtze delta region and various academic organizations . the final study results will be ready by the end of september .
according to sources , the strategic study of the population development of the yangtze delta region will set up a population developmental index system and an integrated decision information system for the population and development of the yangtze delta region that will correspond with scientific developmental concepts in the future .
the basic framework of the study includes : the current population situation and developmental conditions of the yangtze delta region , the regional property development , the developmental trends in property structure and employment population , the developmental trends in urbanization and the development of cities , the total population and the ecological carrying capacity of population resources , the aging of the population , and the social security system of urban and rural areas .
the yangtze delta region is one of the chinese regions with the most active economy , the most advanced production capacity , and the strongest technological strength .
according to relevant data , in 2003 , with 1.1 percent of the total land area and 5.8 percent of the total chinese population , the yangtze delta region had created rmb 2277.5-billion yuan in gdp , accounting for 18.5 percent of the country 's total gdp .
nonetheless , many problems and conflicts still exist between the region 's population and economic and social developments . these problems and conflicts mainly exist in the form of : the migration and mobility of the population are accelerating , the total population continues to expand , population management is becoming more difficult , the carrying capacity of the districts is being challenged , and the process of population aging is speeding up .
chinese medicine prevents coronary heart disease , cuts risk of death by 30 percent
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 20 ( reporter qiu hongjie ) - china 's national cardiovascular disease control and treatment office announced in beijing on the 20th that there was an important breakthrough in key state " research on the adjustment of blood fat by xuezhikang for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease . "
the study showed that the chinese medicinal product , xuezhikang , could cut the risk of death from coronary heart disease by 33 percent .
professor hong zhaoguang , the head of the topic expert assessment team under the ministry of health , claimed that this study , which was based on 4,870 coronary heart disease patients from 65 hospitals in 19 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities , had filled the gap in research on the adjustment of blood fat for the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease among asians in the world .
so-called " secondary prevention " is prevention work for patients who have already had the disease .
according to explanations by experts , even though the close relationship between blood fat and coronary heart disease is already known , the studies conducted previously were all limited to westerners and fat-adjusting medicines developed overseas . similar large-scale research has never been done on chinese people , whose eating habits , lifestyle , blood fat level , coronary heart disease rate , and death rate are all different from those of westerners .
the prevention of coronary heart disease is an important topic for medical circles in the world .
china has millions of coronary heart disease patients , with the total number increasing year after year . it has already created huge economic and social burdens .
in the ' 90s , through studies on 11 provinces and municipalities , chinese scholars discovered that with improvements in living standards , the serum cholesterol level of the chinese people is rising .
in 1994 , " china 's national blood fat and cardiovascular disease research collaboration team " was established and it chose xuezhikang , a result of chinese medicinal research from beijing university , to conduct relevant studies among chinese people .
in 1996 , this topic was listed as the state 's " 95 " key problem to tackle .
the task group had followed and studied 5,000 patients for a four-year period . the final study results showed that long-term intake of xuezhikang will cut the incurrence rate of coronary disease by 45 percent , while the recurrence rate of non-fatal myocardial infarctions in coronary heart disease patients had dropped by more than 60 percent .
shanghai world expo offers rmb 200,000-yuan reward for best logo
xinhua news agency , shanghai , june 21 ( reporter wu yu ) - the reporter learned from the 2010 world expo shanghai china logo collection office that it has received 800 contributions to compete for the 2010 world expo shanghai china logo so far . the entire competition will be extended to july 31 . the best logo designer will receive a prize of rmb 200,000 yuan .
according to sources , the 2010 world expo shanghai china logo collection office has received over 800 contributions from various provinces , districts , and municipalities across china , and countries including australia , canada , sweden , and the united states since december 3 , 2003 .
on june 3 , during their first meeting , the organizing committee of the 2010 world expo shanghai china decided to continue its collection for the 2010 world expo shanghai china on behalf of the committee and extended the original collection deadline from june 28 , 2004 to july 31 .
the collection regulations stipulate that the logo selection results will be announced in december . there will be a prize of rmb 200,000 yuan for one best design award winner and 10 prizes of rmb 5,000 yuan for 10 excellent design award winners . all winners will receive a commemorative certificate issued by the organizing committee of the shanghai 2010 world expo .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong enhances public health prevention system
xinhua news agency , hong kong , june 23 - yeoh eng-kiong , secretary for health , welfare , and food of the hong kong special administrative region , stated on the 23rd that the special administrative government has been devoted to rebuilding the public health prevention system in the past 12 months , in order to heighten its capability to handle the outbreak of disease .
yeoh eng-kiong claimed that hong kong is now better equipped than before . it has maintained strict and effective monitoring and control of communicative diseases at all times . he also ensured that any communicative disease could be dealt with quickly and effectively .
since the sars epidemic ended last year , hong kong has maintained a record of infection of zero because hong kong has rebuilt its communicative disease monitoring and control sub-system under the public health prevention system in a timely fashion .
yeoh eng-kiong made the above comments at the " hong kong sars prevention work report and founding ceremony of the scientific advisors framework of the center for health protection of the department of health . "
yeoh eng-kiong said that the center for health protection utilizes professional knowledge and specialties in fighting communicative diseases and assisting hong kong in dealing with health threats and outbreaks of disease .
in order to enable the center for health protection to build a more stable foundation , the head of the health department has invited experts from all circles to join the central board of scientific advisors and seven scientific committees . the specialists will hold discussions and exchange information on topics concerning communicative diseases that affect public health .
shigeru , the regional advisor in the division of communicative disease prevention and control of the world health organization 's western pacific region , indicated at the ceremony that it was very impressive for hong kong to finish a large amount of work in preventing the reoccurrence of the epidemic one year after it defeated sars .
he strongly believed that hong kong is now better prepared to handle sars and other newly emerging diseases .
mongolian autonomous prefecture of bayanbulak in xinjiang celebrates 50th founding anniversary
xinhua news agency , mongolian ku'erle , june 23 ( reporters zhang hongchi , wang caozhi ) - cadres and ordinary people from various tribes in the mongolian autonomous prefecture of bayanbulak , including the mongol , the uygur , the hui , and the han , all gathered at the capital of ku'erle city on the 23rd for a grand celebration of the 50th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous prefecture .
a congratulatory message was sent from the standing committee of the national people 's congress and the state department .
the congratulatory message stated that in the past 50 years , the mongolian autonomous prefecture of bayanbulak in xinjiang has made encouraging achievements in all aspects . they also hoped that all the tribes in the prefecture would unite and held high the important ideologies and great banners of the deng xiaoping theory and the " three represents " to build a prosperous and civilized homeland around the central committee of the party , headed by its general secretary hu jingtao .
the mongolian autonomous prefecture of bayanbulak is called ba zhou for short . it is located in the southeastern part of the xinjiang uygur autonomous region . bayanbulak is mongolian , which means richly endowed water resource .
ba zhou was founded on june 23 , 1954 , with the approval of the state department . the region includes the eight counties of ku'erle city and yanqi , hejing , heshuo , bohu , yuli , luntai , ruoqiang , and qiemo . it accounts for one twentieth of the total land area of the country and is the largest prefecture-level administrative region in china .
the total population in ba zhou is 1.1265-million and is inhabited by 37 tribes , including the mongol , the han , the ugyur , and the hui . the population of ethnic minorities is 475,800 , constituting 42.2 percent of the total population in the prefecture .
in 2003 , ba zhou achieved a gdp of rmb 18.9-billion yuan , an increase 303 times that of 1954 and an average annual increase of 12.4 percent . the average per capita income has increased from rmb 347 yuan in 1978 to rmb 16,445 yuan in 2003 .
the rapid economic development has brought about continuous improvements and increases in the living standards of all tribes in the prefecture .
ba zhou has a long-standing history and is an assimilating and assembling ground for eastern and western cultures .
in 60 bc , the western han regime established the protectorate of the western regions in what is now luntai county to centralize control of the army and the government in the western regions .
during the sui and tang dynasties , the anxi protectorate was also moved from gaochang to wulei ( now luntai county ) . wasteland for cultivation of food grains started to open up at the borders of the yanqi basin and the tarim basin .
in 1,771 ad , the mongolian tuyuideger tribe returned to their homeland from the volga river and settled in ba zhou .
( international ) majority of americans believe iraq war a mistake
xinhua news agency , washington , june 24 ( reporter pan yunzhao ) - according to the newest usa today  cnn  gallup poll released on the 24th , at present , 54 percent of americans believed that the iraq war was a mistake .
this was the first time since the iraq war broke out last march that over half of americans held this viewpoint .
the findings show that , with the continuous escalation of violence and the exposure of the prisoner abuse scandals , the support rate of the american public for the iraq war has dropped tremendously . more than half of americans called the large-scale deployment of american troops overseas a mistake .
while soon after the iraq war broke out , only about 20 percent of americans thought this war was a mistake .
the findings also reveal that for the first time , over 50 percent of americans believe that the iraq war has made the united states less safe and more susceptible to terrorist attacks . 54 percent of respondents said that the iraq war has made the u.s . security situation more vulnerable .
a similar poll conducted last december showed that 56 percent of americans believed the iraq war had made the united states safer .
this poll , conducted from the 21st to the 23rd of this month , also found that the americans ' overall approval rate for president bush was very close to that of democratic senator kerry , his major opponent in this reelection campaign .
currently , bush has a 48 percent approval rating , only 1 percent higher than kerry 's .
the washington post and american broadcasting corporation also obtained similar findings in a poll conducted from the 17th to the 20th .
the survey shows that with the u.s . army 's rising casualties in iraq and the increasing worry about the consequences of the war on the people , the approval rating of the american public for bush on the anti-terrorism issue has dropped to 50 percent , a 13-point drop since april .
the poll also shows that about 52 percent of the public believed that the iraq war was not worth fighting , while 70 percent believed the number of american troop casualties in iraq has reached an " unacceptable " level .
( international ) may existing home sales in u.s . reach record high
xinhua news agency , washington , june 25 - data released by the national association of realtors on the 25th showed that existing home sales in the united states in may increased by 2.6 percent from april to a record high of a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6.8 million units .
compared to the same period last year , existing home sales in may had increased by 15.8 percent .
david lereah , chief economist of the national association of realtors , stated that the accelerated increase in mortgage rates in april has encouraged people to hurry to purchase their homes before any further increase in mortgage rates , thus giving an impetus to the record-high existing home sales in may .
u.s . mortgage rates are on the rise lately .
according to a report by freddie mac , the national average commitment rate for a 30-year conventional , fixed-rate mortgage was 6.27 percent , up from 5.83 percent in april , and even higher than the 5.45 percent seen in march .
the average for this interest rate in may 2003 was 5.48 percent .
however , analysts believed that the current mortgage rate is still relatively low .
the report released by the u.s . commerce department on the 24th shows that new home sales in the united states in may increased by 14.8 percent from the previous month , setting a record for the highest increase in 11 years . the seasonally adjusted annual rate was a record high of 1.37-million units .
the real estate market is one of the major pillars of the u.s . economy .
analysts believed that the increase in home sales is likely to slow down during the second half of the year , because of the increase in the interest rate . however , this year 's total home sales will still be close to the record high of last year .
( international ) u.s . research shows more than half of stroke sufferers are aspirin-resistant
xinhua news agency , washington , june 26 - aspirin , which has an anticoagulation effect , is largely used in thinning the blood and preventing thrombus .
nonetheless , according to a media report here on the 26th , the latest study in the united states shows that the anticoagulation effect of aspirin does not work in almost half of stroke or transient ischemic attack patients .
according to northwestern university medical school 's dr . mark , who participated in this research , 47 percent of the stroke or transient ischemic attack sufferers are " aspirin-resistant . "
mark and others conducted a study on 59 stroke or transient ischemic attack patients , whose average age was 64 .
these patients had been taking aspirin for at least three days before they fell ill and had not received any other anticoagulation treatment .
among them , 63 percent took 325 mg of aspirin per day while 37 percent took 81 mg of aspirin a day .
researchers collected blood samples from these subjects and used equipment that could simulate blood circulation to calculate the blood clot duration of patients when the attack occurred .
results show that among subjects who took low doses of aspirin , 68 percent still had a high blood thickness , indicating their resistance to aspirin .
this ratio was 27 percent among the high-dosage subjects .
moreover , among the patients who took coated aspirin , the ratio of aspirin resistance was also higher , at 73 percent , while this ratio for the ones who took uncoated aspirin was only 39 percent .
researchers pointed out that this discovery reminded healthcare workers that they should pay attention to aspirin dosage adjustments in anticoagulation treatment in the future .
office of world geoparks network stationed in beijing
xinhua news agency , june 27 , beijing ( by meng na , wang jingzhong ) the unesco-supported office of the world geoparks network unveiled its curtain here on the 27th .
the event was witnessed by minister of land resources sun wensheng and assistant director-general of unesco walter erdelen as well as some participants of the first international conference on geoparks .
missions of the world geoparks network office include setting up a website of the world geoparks network , collecting information on world 's geoparks and establishing a database for them , compiling world geopark newsletter , setting up a liaison center , a database on geopark experts and pushing forward geopark development in asia-pacific areas .
erdelen told xinhua that the unesco decided to choose china as home of the world geoparks network office , because it has made outstanding contributions in its national geopark construction and geological heritage protection .
he said china is among the first to recognize the importance of geological heritage protection and venture to take concrete measures , and the great support from the chinese government to the first international conference on geoparks demonstrated the country 's strong political will on better protecting geological heritages .
since november 2003 , the ministry of land resources has started to make preparations for the establishment of the world geoparks network office , and has equipped it with sophisticated hardware and professional staff .
to date , the website has opened and the newsletter has been published , while other preparatory work is also in full swing .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) cancer , cvd and cbd top taipei 's three killers
xinhua news agency , june 28 , taipei ( by li haitang , wang yuexin ) - - cancer , which has been topping the list of taipei 's leading three killers for a consecutive of 30 years , is still holding the position last year with cvd and cbd ranking behind , which have jointly become the top three " killers " in taipei , said an official on the 28th from taipei health bureau .
apart from the three , the top 10 causes of death for 2003 are : diabetes , pneumonia , nephritis , nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis , accident injury , chronic liver disease ( cld ) and cirrhosis , suicide and high blood pressure .
taipei 's crude death rate last year was slightly up from the previous year 's 503.4 for every 100,000 people , declining 1.54% when standardized with the population composition of the year before , revealing aging as the major cause of death increases .
among the top 10 causes of death for taipei residents , the sharpest rise in death rates comes from pneumonia due to a sars-led increase of 20.1% from that of 2002 .
cancer has become the top killer of taipei residents for a consecutive of 30 years since 1974 .
a total of 4001 taipei residents died from cancer last year , accounting for 29.4% of the overall mortality .
diseases ranked by mortality rates are : lung cancer , liver cancer , colorectal cancer , female breast cancer and gastric cancer .
suicide death fell one position lower in 2003 , taking the 9th position since its entry into the top 10 list in 1994 .
taipei 's suicide mortality in 2003 totalled 320 , or a death of 12 for every 100,000 people , 5 less than that of 2002 . male suicides numbered 203 or 63% of the total , while female suicides numbered 117 , or the rest 37% .
the regulation for implementation of the law of the people 's republic of china on the protection of the rights and interests of returned overseas chinese and their family members to take effect on july 1
xinhua news agency , june 28 , beijing - - chinese premier wen jiabao signed the decree no . 410 of the state council to issue the regulation for implementation of the law of the people 's republic of china on the protection of the rights and interests of returned overseas chinese and their family members , which is scheduled to take effect on july 1 , 2004 .
xinhua news agency is authorized to broadcast the whole document on the 28th .
the regulation orders that all local governments at the county level and above should attach importance to the legal rights of returned overseas chinese and their relatives .
the local governments and related departments should help them settle down , according to relevant regulations of the nation .
it requires that local governments give support to returned overseas chinese and their relatives if they invest in developing waste mountains , waste land and beach land according to law , or if they take up agriculture , forestry , animal husbandry , and fishery activities .
the local governments and related departments should also give support to them when they set up public welfare undertakings , and their legal rights are protected by law .
the all-china federation of returned overseas chinese and local federations operate according to their own regulations to protect the legal rights of returned overseas chinese and their relatives , according to the regulation .
if their legal rights are infringed upon , they have the right to ask the related government departments to investigate in accordance with the law , or the right to go to court .
having a total of 30 articles , the regulation is to take effect on july 1 , 2004 .
the old regulation in this regard , issued by the state council on july 19 , 1993 , will be at the same time repealed when the new one takes effect .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hong kong vigorously develops online study
xinhua news agency , june 28 , hong kong - - the hksar government is dedicated to promoting information education to enable its population to master information technology , said wong chi-kong , director of information technology services , hksar government on the 28th .
the government issued an information technology strategy entitled digital 21 march this year , the major task of which is to train hong kong residents , especially youngsters to keep studying throughout their lives , for which the information technology has an important role to play , wong said at a seminar on online study .
all schools in hong kong are now accessible to the internet , with their computers equipped with broadband connection , 60% of which even use optical fiber for internet access , said wong .
in addition , a total of 46,000 teachers and 4,600 assistants have already received training on information technology .
it is said that a series of online courses are designed for middle school students by the information technology education resource center under the hong kong education and manpower bureau .
in addition , the quality education fund has invested 100-million hong kong dollars to support 361 programs , including an e-book learning platform and an online study and entertainment platform .
community colleges and the vocational training council have also developed online study software for teachers , researchers and students .
online study is now becoming increasingly popular among hong kong 's civil servants .
a portal named clc plus was set up by the civil service training and development institute 4 years ago , providing online study and information service for civil servants throughout hong kong .
clc plus now provides over 100 online and over 60 job training courses with more than 38,000 registered users .
in addition , various professional departments in hong kong have also setup their own online study programs , providing specialized trainings for information technology workers , engineers , disciplined service workers and scientific researchers to do their work .
( sports ) 73 tunisian athletes to attend athens olympics
xinhua news agency , june 28 , tunis ( by zhang youhao ) - - 73 tunisian athletes have been qualified for the athens olympics , increasing the number by 25 from that of the sydney olympics 4 years ago , according to reports here on the 28th .
the list of tunisian players has been finalized despite qualification matches for tennis , track and field and swimming are yet to be completed in the 28 disciplines of athens olympics , report says .
73 tunisian players will participate in a total of 15 events , with 30 playing for men 's soccer and volleyball ( 18 for the former and 12 for the latter ) , for which both teams are african champions of this year .
the remaining 43 will participate in a number of personal events , with 8 in track and field , 8 in judo , 6 in boxing , 5 in fencing , 3 in kickboxing , 2 in swimming , 2 in weight lifting , 2 in sailing , 2 in rowing , 2 in table tennis , 1 in gymnastics , 1 in rassling and 1 in shooting .
despite the rapid growth in recent years , tunis is far from being a sports power even in africa and still short of big names .
a total of 48 tunisian athletes took part in 34 events of 10 disciplines at 2000 sydney olympics , but none of them played well enough to enter the top 6 .
this time they might perform better than that .
3 tunisian players including lounifi and malouli could win medals from judo , swimming and weight lifting if they have played well .
foreign investors favor businesses in liao ning
xinhua news agency , june 29 , shen yang ( by feng lei ) - - the revitalization of china 's north east provinces has not only provided excellent opportunities for liao ning 's manufacturers but made the old industrial base favored by foreign investors .
more than 30 of the world 's fortune 500 companies have now setup businesses here , with their investment shares gradually increasing .
foreign invested businesses last year reportedly realized rmb 8 billion in retail sales of consumer goods , a 23.5% increase over the previous year .
numerous multinational corporations have also incorporated large amounts of liao ning products into their global purchase and sales network , buying rmb 1.6-billion worth of liao ning goods .
liao ning welcomes foreign investors to reform traditional local businesses , and attaches much importance to attract multinational corporations to establish distribution centers , regional headquarters and research centers here , says the vice provincial governor li wancai .
as the port of distribution for china 's north and north-east provinces , liao ning has accommodated goods from both domestic and overseas suppliers , totalling over 400,000 in varieties with over 650 famous brands . moreover , liao ning is capable of reaching north-east asian markets in addition to china 's north , east and north-east provinces , which are certainly of great potentials and excellent prospects .
over 80% of foreign investors have been attracted by liao ning 's vast potentials , competitive prices for goods and services and inexpensive living costs , which have jointly lowered costs for production and trade of foreign investors and extended their profit margins , according to a survey on foreign-invested enterprises conducted by the national statistics bureau .
the urbanization rate of liao ning has already hit 55% , nearly 20% higher above the country 's average . as the most important consumption group , the total number of urban residents has exceeded 23-million , or 54.2% of the total , which is considerably higher than the country 's 36.1% average .
as the economic and cultural center for china 's north east region , the provincial capital shen yang and five surrounding cities have jointly formed a metropolis , with da lian gradually becoming a significant port in north east asia .
( world ) army and police to jointly defend president 's inauguration
xinhua news agency , june 29 , manila ( by wang wei ) - - the philippine government , armed forces and police will jointly adopt security measures to ensure safety at arroyo 's second-term inauguration on the 30th .
8 armored vehicles have been dispatched to the country 's capital manila from surrounding military bases to strengthen security , said a spokesman from the philippine armed forces on the 29th .
in addition , around 5000 soldiers and police officers have also been deployed around manila and other major cities .
police troops from 5 capital districts have been highly vigilant , among which the security officers will closely monitor the tall buildings around the site of the inaugural speech to prevent terrorist attacks , said a police spokesman .
moreover , police have setup checkpoints at manila 's crossroads to the site of inauguration , and exercised traffic controls over major streets of the city .
trade will also be banned in those areas for the sake of security .
arroyo is scheduled to deliver her speech at the traditional site of inauguration on the 30th , and then fly on to cebu to take her oath before supreme court chief justice hilario davide , sources said .
numerous political celebrities and dozens of foreign officials will show up then at the ceremony .
police and armed forces jointly arrested 6 suspected " jemaah islamiyah " members in metro manila on the morning of 29 , and seized bombs , explosives and production guides from their residence .
( world ) russian president putin vows support for iaea 's activity
xinhua news agency , june 29 , moscow ( by guo jianguo ) - - russia has been consistently lending support to both iaea and its director general elbaradei , said russian president putin during his meeting with the visiting director on the 29th .
the iaea has now become a very prestigious and powerful organization that fulfills a very important function and enjoys great authority in the world , putin is quoted by tass as saying .
both russia and other countries believe that the iaea activity does not depend on political situations .
putin hopes the iaea will boost its activity , and pledges russia 's full support to back its operation and development .
elbaradei said at the meeting that the world 's nuclear energy should continue to be boosted .
a peaceful nature of nuclear power use should always be ensured , with military application totally ruled out .
he said that the backing of russia is of key importance to both iaea and peaceful use of nuclear power .
he hopes that iaea can expand its cooperation with russia .
a total of 442 nuclear power stations have now been established in 30 countries around the world , most in west europe and north america , said elbaradei in his speech at a moscow-held international conference commemorating a half-century anniversary of atomic energy , said russian sources .
and the use of nuclear power is now rapidly spreading to other regions .
for example , 18 of the 27 nuclear power stations currently under construction are from asia and 8 from east europe .
elbaradei arrived on the 27th in moscow to attend an international conference a half-century anniversary of atomic energy , commemorating the 50 anniversary since the world 's first nuclear power station started to produce electricity in soviet times .
he is also scheduled to visit st . petersburg .
( world ) japan 's super slim tvs first surpass crt tvs in sales
xinhua news agency , june 30 , tokyo ( by yue shaoyan ) - - the sales amount of super slim tvs in japan for the first time surpassed that of traditional crt tvs in fiscal year 2003 ( from april 2003 to march 2004 ) as a result of the tremendous increase in sales of plasma and lcd tvs , according to statistics issued by japan 's electronics and information technology industries association on the 29th .
statistics show that the sales of japan 's slim tvs hit a record high at 380-billion yen in 2003 , a 61.3% increase from the past year , while that of crt tvs totalled 285.9-billion yen , representing a 27% decrease .
sales of plasma and lcd tvs have already increased by 80 times since their first introduction 15 years ago .
although the slim tvs have already surpassed crt tvs in total sales amount , they still lag far behind if the actual sales volume is concerned .
the domestic sales volume of crt tvs in japan totalled 6.8 million for 2003 , whereas plasma and lcd tvs lingered around 1.47-million .
taken into consideration the unit price , it 's an average of 40,000 yen for crt tvs , 150,000 yen for lcd tvs , and 520,000 for plasma tvs .
japan 's sales of slim tvs continue to look up this year , with lcd tvs surpassing crt ones in sales amounts for the first quarter .
it is estimated that the sales of super slim tvs with wide screen will further increase as a result of the athens olympics .
( world ) cpp and funcinpec sign cooperation deal
xinhua news agency , june 30 , phnom penh ( by lei baisong , zhang ruiling ) - - cambodia 's two major parties , the cambodian people 's party ( cpp ) and the funcinpec party , formally signed the cooperation agreement in phnom penh on the 30th to form a new coalition government in which hun sen will remain as the prime minister .
it marks the end of the 11-month old political deadlock in cambodia .
the agreement is endorsed by representatives from both parties , the cpp 's president chea si , vice-president hun sen and prince norodom ranariddh , president of the royalist funcinpec .
the agreement will ensure that hun sen will remain prime minister , ranariddh president of the national assembly , and chea sim president of the senate .
the agreement sets the newly approved administrative program between ccp and funcinpec as the bedrock of cooperation , requesting revisions to national assembly and local election laws and readjustments to the national election committee . it also determines to draft an anti-corruption law and setup independent , neutral anti-corruption institutions in 2004 .
the new government consists of 5 deputy prime ministers , 3 from ccp and 2 from funcinpec and 10 secretary of states , 6 from ccp and 4 from funcinpec , according to agreements between the two parties .
it also consists of 26 ministries and 2 state secretariats .
hundreds of senior officials from both parties and foreign diplomats have witnessed the signing ceremony .
the signing of the cooperation deal corresponds not only to the national interests of cambodia but the common aspirations of the international community , and therefore is of great significance in cambodian history , said hun sen and ranariddh after the signing event .
the new national assembly is scheduled to hold meetings on july 8 to ratify additional constitution terms , and hopefully the new government will be formed by the end of the month , said hun sen .
because both parties failed to get two thirds of the seats needed to independently form the government in last july 's national assembly election , and the negotiation to form a coalition government suffered enormous setbacks , the political stalemate has remained unresolved for quite some time .
commemorative album issued in beijing to mark deng 's centenary birth anniversary
xinhua news agency , june 30 , beijing ( by chen jianxing ) - - approved by the central propaganda department of the chinese communist party , edited by the china yan'an literary and art society and published by the central literature publishing house , deng xiao ping , the commemorative album to mark the great leader 's centenary birth was first issued in the great hall of the people on june 30 .
concentrating on the great leader 's splendid experiences , the commemorative album has demonstrated deng 's excellent contributions to the chinese revolution and socialist construction with collections of precious photos , stamps and well-written texts .
the commemorative album includes 47 stamps reflecting deng 's significant events , 2 gold-foil sheets , 48 individualized stamps designed for deng 's centenary birth , as well as three postcards .
with a 3-ounce fine silver medal 60mm in diameter set on the cover , the commemorative album also contains a gold and silver enchased badge and a gold-foil commemorative sheet .
individuals responsible have also introduced some of the outstanding features at the launching ceremony .
digital watermark is reported to be used in three pages of stamps and three postcards , which is the first application of such technology in printing of stamps .
both english and chinese versions of " centenary birth anniversary of comrade deng xiaopiing " have been nondiscretely embedded alongside the stamp margins , and deng 's epigraph handwritings are also printed as discrete watermarks in the three postcards .
state leaders including li tieying , bu he and zhang tingfa have attended the symposium and launching ceremony .
over 160 people from the central propaganda department , the party literature research centre and the party history research centre have attended the event .
the country 's national museum , national library , military museum and deng 's family have respectively accepted the donated commemorative albums at the ceremony .
( world ) bird flu recurred in vietnam
xinhua news agency , june 30 , hanoi ( by huang haimin ) �� �� more than 3000 fowls have died from h5 strain of bird flu by the 29th , a local veterinary official from the country 's southern bac lieu province told xinhua on the 30th .
around the same time , widespread death of fowls also occurred in mekong delta of southern vietnam .
all of a sudden 10 fowls were reported dead at a farm in vinh loi county , bac lieu province on june 12 , and soon after the death number began to increase by nearly 100 per day .
200 fowls from another farm of that province also died suddenly on the 17th .
tests conducted in the regional veterinary center in ho chi minh city have confirmed that all of the fowls died from h5 strain of bird flu .
fowls at the outbreak sites of bac lieu province have now been culled and destroyed , and urgent steps have been taken to control the spread of virus , including intensifying disease inspection , blocking transportation from the epidemic-stricken areas , carrying out sterilization procedures and strictly examining fowls in and out of that region .
bird flu viruses have been detected mainly in ducks from 13 of the 38 provinces earlier inspected , said bui quang anh , director of the general department for veterinary , ministry of agriculture and rural development .
southern mekong and northern red river delta provinces are now faced with the highest risk of recurrence .
the vietnam government has notably stepped up precautionary efforts since the month of june , including strictly controlling the import of baby poultry , strengthening activities to ensure hygiene and stepping up quarantine efforts in culling , transporting and selling of poultry products .
large-scaled bird flu broke out in december last year , causing the death of 43.2-million fowls , approximately 17% of the country 's entire poultry population .
state council to license necessary administrative approval procedures
xinhua news agency , july 1 , beijing - - stipulated in normative documents apart from laws and administrative regulations , a total of 500 administrative approval procedures in line with article 12 of the administrative licensing law will be preserved and licensed , according to provisions of the paragraph 2 , article 14 of the administrative licensing law of the people 's republic of china , the state council announced today .
items preserved and licensed this time have been repeatedly discussed and strictly verified based on the large-scaled abolishment and readjustments of such procedures in state council 's recent reform on the country 's administrative approval system .
these procedures mainly involve issues with regard to national security , public safety , macro manipulation , environmental protection , development and use of limited natural resources , public resource deployment , public health and interests and safety of lives and property , for which administrative licenses can be granted in line with the administrative licensing law of the people 's republic of china .
administrative licenses for such procedures are necessary in protecting public interests , maintaining social orders and ensuring effectiveness of administrative institutions .
it also ensures the smooth implementation of the administrative licensing law of the people 's republic of china .
state council also requested all related departments in state council to release provisions for requirements for enforcing administrative licensing so that the licensing can be carried out legally , openly and fair .
administrative licensing should be carried out according to the procedure and dates described in the administrative licensing law .
( world heritage conference ) whc processes applications of five chinese cultural heritage sites
shan is one of the chinese delegates to attend the 28th session of the world heritage committee being held here .
china submitted application documents for the five sites to the world heritage centre in january 2002 , which are now in the process of being examined , said shan during an interview with xinhua reporters .
" having been confirmed as china 's only application next year , the historical monuments of macao will be deliberated at the 29th session of the world heritage committee , " said shan jixiang .
the other 4 sites are also of peculiar cultural values .
both diaolou and tulou are peculiar residential buildings in southern china , while the former absorbed western style elements , said shan in his recommendations .
the yin ruins is the most important and well-known legacy from the shang dynasty , which is among the first to launch archaeological studies in china .
both discovery of oracle scripts and excavation of shang tombs are of epoch-making historical and archaeological importance .
as the only candidate among the five to be filed for cultural sites , the terraced fields of hani can be regarded as a typical example of peaceful co-existence between mankind and environment .
mountain lu is reported as china 's only approved cultural site at the moment .
china has a total of 30 cultural relics , historic sites and natural scenic spots enlisted in the world heritage list .
in addition , more than 100 sites are still on the preparatory list , ranking first throughout the world .
( world ) japan 's defense agency to abolish civilian control mechanism
xinhua news agency , july 2 , tokyo ( by yue shaoyan ) - - the defense agency of japan has set to abolish the defense counselor system by reducing civilian controls over sdf and extending jurisdictions of the military officials , so as to revise the existing defense mechanism of civilian controls over the country 's self-defense forces , said jiji news agency on the 2nd .
admiral koichi furusho , chief of staff of the maritime self defense force , is reported to have formally proposed the abolition of the counselor posts at a jda session held back in mid-june , seeking to maximize the jurisdiction of uniformed officials by partially transferring the power of vice defense minister , the highest of nonuniformed staff to his uniformed counterparts , thereby changing the inferiority of uniformed officials since world war ii .
japan has learned lessons from the prevail of militarism caused by the loss of government controls over the armed forces prior to world war ii , which finally led the country to invasion to establish the civilian control mechanisms .
according to article 9 of the defense agency law , the director general of jda is aided by a defense council constituting 10 nonuniformed officials in direction and supervision of the self-defense force .
the position of director general is also required to be held by a civilian congressman .
that is to say japan 's self-defense forces have to be managed by nonuniformed civilian officials , which contains the uniformed militarists to a great extent .
analysts here believe that viewed in connection with japan 's repeated pushing for strengthening the sdf role and position , and its joining of multinational forces regardless of suspected violations of the constitution , the request from uniformed sdf officials to relieve supervision and constraints will have to be watched closely by all peace-lovers .
( world ) al-qaida threatens to attack europe
xinhua news agency , july 2 , london ( by ma zhihan ) - - two arabic-language newspapers based in london reported on the 2nd that the abu hafs al-masri brigade , a group allegedly responsible for the march 11 terrorist bombings in spain had threatened to continue its attacks on europe after a three-month truce scheduled to end on july 15 .
both asharq al��awsat and al hayat published a signed letter dated july 1 from the al-qaida-related group , claiming that the deadline for the conditional truce promised earlier by osama bin laden is approaching .
the statement also requires muslims to depart from western countries .
the authenticity of the letter is yet to be verified , nor did the two arabic newspapers reveal sources of the letter .
the arab tv based in united arab emirates broadcast an alleged tape from bin laden on april 15 this year .
an offer allegedly from bin laden said that al-qaida would extend a conditional truce to european countries if they promise not to invade islamic nations or interfere in their internal affairs .
he also proposed a 3-month deadline , claiming a permanent reconciliation would only begin if european countries withdrew their troops from muslim nations .
the al-qaida offer is rejected by many european nations .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) domestic and overseas experts discuss history of chinese language education in macao
xinhua news agency , july 2 , macao ( by wang hongyu ) - - the international symposium on the history of chinese language education and the inaugural ceremony of chinese language education history research institute opened in macow on july 2 , in which 80 experts from china , macow as well as 10 other countries including italy and norway will hold discussions within this three-day symposium .
in a welcoming speech , fernando chui sai on , secretary of social and cultural affairs with the macao special administrative region ( sar ) government , said that the importance of the chinese language has been fully demonstrated as china 's comprehensive national strength gradually improves and the process of reform and opening up continues . with the number of overseas learners soaring and teaching scales expanding , the development of chinese as a second language has been boosted .
and further researches into the history of chinese language education will undoubtedly expand the field , building up a more profound and solid historical foundation .
from a historical view , a comprehensive system of overseas chinese language education has taken shape since the tang dynasty , while the chinese language education for modern-time westerners has also a history of over 400 years , leaving abundant materials and documents in language teaching , said professor zhang xiping , director of the research centre of overseas sinology , beijing foreign studies university .
researches into such documents will not only figure out historical facts , but also be of great significance to the theoretic researches today .
participants of the symposium said that as a modern chinese window towards the outside world , macow has been the headstream of developing chinese language learning to westerners ever since the 15th century , as well as the earliest to introduce chinese language education into curriculum in higher-learning institutes , which have jointly attached great importance to the symposium held together by macao polytechnic institute , beijing foreign studies university and beijing language and culture university .
the research institute on the history of chinese language education is also established on july 2 in macao polytechnic institute to facilitate the research of history of chinese language education .
( newspaper extracts ) beijing not to cut off power to star-rated hotels
xinhua news agency , july 6 , beijing - - according to an urgent notice issued on july 5 to local tourist branches and star-rated hotels by the beijing municipal tourist bureau , the municipal government has canceled a mandated power cut plan of " 2 hours on , 1 hour off " for air-conditioner operation in these hotels to avoid side effects .
the notice said that through active communications and coordination of the beijing municipal tourist bureau and understandings on the part of the power supply department , the beijing municipal government has decided to cancel its mandated plan of power cuts for hotel air-conditioner operation , but they must take other suitable measures to reduce power consumption including " avoiding peak hours " and " observing consumption quota " , reported the local paper beijing times .
the new measures include : advise hotels to do laundry at night ; readjust operation of some power-intensive users ; tell hotel staff not to take the elevator less than five stories or otherwise stop every other floor ; accelerate the power effective reform process with the aid of new and hi-tech , and keep air conditioners no lower than 26 degrees centigrade .
the beijing municipal development and reform commission issued the notice of maintaining power consumption balance for the 2004 summer of beijing , in line with which the beijing electric power corporation planned to sign agreements of peak hour avoidance and consumption quota observance with electric power users in summer 2004 , and to practise an emergency plan of " 2 hours on , 1 hour off " for air-conditioner operations in peak hours .
( world heritage conference ) full-length dance drama gang jiang and mo ye performed at world heritage conference
xinhua news agency , july 6 , su zhou ( by yao yujie and wang li ) - - gan jiang and mo ye , the ancient chinese couple who devoted their lives to sword forging , met again in heaven and danced with their pairs of swords amidst pouring snow .
magnificently presented before attenders of the 28th world heritage conference , the full-length chinese dance drama gan jiang and mo ye overwhelmed whc director francesco bandarin and chairman of the session zhang xinsheng , who cheered and applauded for a long time at the end of the presentation , unwilling to leave .
as the most famous sword forgers during the spring and autumn and the warring states periods , gan jiang and mo ye received orders from the king of wu to build swords , but ended with no success .
the wife mo ye threw herself into the furnace to forge swords with her blood , and gan jiang followed her to death soon after he completed the task .
the couple sacrificed their lives to build a pair of swords , the male one called gan jiang and the female one mo ye .
this solemn story was presented through 4 acts named the death of sword , the love of sword , the soul of sword and the dignity of sword , fully demonstrating both firmness and subtleness of the wu culture .
su zhou was then the capital of wu , and there are still streets named after gan jiang and mo ye today .
one thing worth mentioning is the language of the dance .
deeply rooted in the wu culture , the general director and screenwriter ma jiaqin found inspirations from the locally unearthed bronze ware , abstracting 108 postures from the bird-and-worm-shaped seal characters inscribed to demonstrate human emotions 2500 years ago , using local culture to create rhythms and postures fitted to both figures and scenario .
the graceful yet energetic style of the seal characters best illustrates gan jiang 's greatness and mo ye 's heartbreaking beauty , endowing love theme of romanticism with rich and colorful cultural meanings .
warmly welcomed and frequently rewarded , gan jiang and mo ye has been performed for over 100 times since its initial presentation in 1997 .
its performance at the whc session this time is to enable foreign guests to get a taste of traditional wu culture .
( sports ) s . korean enterprise launches football school in yun nan
xinhua news agency , july 6 , kun ming ( by zou zheng ) - - the football field of hongta sports centre , which had been used by the spanish team of real madrid for its training sessions , welcomed a group of students from a s . korean football school , which will use the field as a training centre for teenagers from china , japan and south korea .
the organizer of the event and the head of the overseas travelling department of s . korean int co . ltd . , zen wen yong told the xinhua reporter that 30 teenagers from s . korea have already started their training careers .
the newly established nan yang international football school is also scheduled to start an annual recruitment of nearly 100 students from china and japan ever since autumn this year .
chinese and english are two of the major courses , which will be taught every morning at the local nan yang school , while specialized football trainings will be provided at hongta sports centre in the afternoon .
this is a brand-new attempt , enabling teenagers from china , japan and s . korea to learn football and cultures in a well-managed environment , so as to broaden the development scope for teenagers from both three countries , said zen .
zen also said that the full support of the korea football association and the influence of the famous korean footballer ahn jung-hwan delegated by int co . ltd have jointly enabled the first overseas football school to receive wide-spread attentions from domestic koreans even before its formal establishment .
therefore , the school has selected hongta sports centre , a first-grade football field as its contracted training base , and invited former s . korean national footballer park ro bong as the head coach , who is responsible for football skill trainings with the assistance of 5 brazilian and 4 s . korean coaches .
it is reported that the students will be uniformly sent to brazil for a six-week camp training and practicing matches each winter .
the s . korean company has already signed a 5-year cooperative contract with the hongta sports centre .
( world ) united nations to formulate regulations on spam control
xinhua news agency , july 6 , geneva - - the international telecommunication union �� one of un-affiliated institutions , will formulate anti-spam regulations to control spam and effectively strike illegal advertisers , aiming to curb the spread of junk mails within two years .
the meeting is held today by the international telecommunication union based in geneva , switzerland .
information officers from more than 60 countries have contributed their ideas during the session .
" we should figure out ways to control spams " , said robert horton , director of australia 's information department .
" international cooperation is our ultimate goal . "
horton said the most important task today is to prevent the juveniles from being harmed by pornographic webpages .
most countries at the moment have not yet formulated anti-spam regulations .
the united states , europe , australia and s . korea are selected as the itu pilots to first try out anti-spam regulations .
the implementation of such regulations will enable more convenient cooperations between governments to strike illegal advertisers .
the itu estimates that 85% of emails today are junk mails .
the percentage one year ago was just 35% , mostly from hundreds of illegal internet advertisers .
the spam producers have evaded punishments due to the lack of legal grounds .
according to estimates , junk mails in 2003 alone caused a loss of usd 25-billion throughout the world .
moreover , junk mails have also penetrated our telecommunications .
in japan , a total of 90% are sent as mobile phone messages .
junk mails have even become one way of web cheating .
three marine economic zones shaped in china
xinhua news agency , july 7 , beijing ( by huang yigeng , li xuanna ) - - sun zhihui , the state oceanic administration ( soa ) vice-director , said on the 7th at a press conference held by the state council information office that the three marine economic zones in china have already taken shape .
china 's marine economy will grow to 4 percent of the gross domestic product ( gdp ) in 2005 and to 5 percent in 2010 .
the three marine economic zones in china are the yangtze river delta economic zone , the bohai sea economic zone and the pearl delta economic zone .
the three jointly accounted for 82.3 percent of the gross marine product in 2003 .
the marine economy of the yangtze river delta topped the three , accounting for 33.7 percent of national total at rmb 339.8-billion , according to the 2003 bulletin of marine economic statistics of china .
seashore tourism , marine transportation and marine fishery accounted for 75% of local marine product .
meanwhile , marine biomedical is fast growing to become a newly emerging oceanic industry .
the gross marine product of the bohai sea economic zone totalled rmb 277.8-billion , accounting for 27.6% of national total .
marine fishery , seashore tourism and marine transportation take up two thirds of the local marine product .
the gross marine product of the pearl delta economic zone totalled rmb 211.2-billion , accounting for 21% of national total .
local pillar industries include seashore tourism , marine fishery , marine oil and gas and marine transportation .
china 's marine economy saw a record-high production of 1.0077-trillion yuan in 2003 , taking a proportion of 3.8 percent of the gdp , an increase of 0.4455-trillion yuan over the previous year .
the marine economy has offered 7.19-million jobs by the end of 2001 .
sun said with development of marine science and technology , the newly emerging marine industries have been expanded .
the government will attach more importance to marine environment protection while developing the marine economy .
sustainable developments can only be achieved with comprehensive and reasonable use of marine resources .
( world ) hundreds of 130 million year-old dinosaur fossils unearthed in germany
xinhua news agency , july 6 , berlin ( by liu xiang ) - - hundreds of 130-million year-old dinosaur skeleton and teeth fossils have been unearthed recently around hagen of west germany .
eight different species have already been discovered by german paleontologists , and even more unknown ones could come .
excavated from a sauerland pond 35 meters in diameter , the fragments of bones and teeth have come from eight different species of pterosaurs , sauropod and eoraptor , said a paleontologist klaus-peter lanser on the 6th to the local media .
the grass-eating sauropod is the biggest , measuring 3 meters in height and 12 meters in length .
in addition , examinations of a jawbone fossil unearthed have first revealed traces of a rabbit-like mammal within germany around the cretaceous period , and the exact timing is yet to be confirmed .
locating south to its current site , the prehistoric europe consists of multiple-sized islands . sauerland at that time is of sub-tropical climate , with coniferous forests growing at high altitude and taxodium distichum lower , said lanser .
individual fossil collectors presented lanser with well-preserved bone fossils as early as november 2000 .
the paleontologist mistook it for fossils of the ice age some 10,000 years ago .
only when he saw 2 sauropod teeth fossils did he realize the importance of this site .
formally excavated in 2002 , the excavation will go on for at least five years , according to lanser .
lanser believed that the five-meter deep pond could be a prehistoric watering hole , which have buried large amounts of ancient dinosaur .
even more dinosaur graveyards could exist around sauerland , said lanser .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hk saves 1-billion kwh within three years
xinhua news agency , july 8 , hong kong - - actively promoting power-saving programs , the hksar government has managed to save a total of 950-million kwh in the past three years , with the rate of saving increasing annually .
between 2003 and 2004 , the government has saved hkd 27-million in electricity costs , according to dr . liao sau-tung , the hksar secretary for the environment , transport and works .
management of public power consumption includes promotion of water-cooled air-conditioning system , introduction of power-saving facilities and products with class i or ii energy-efficiency labels , popularization of power-saving habits ( such as increasing air-conditioning temperature and reducing operation time ) and adoption of energy-auditing mechanism , which has been actively pursued by the hk government .
meanwhile , the hksar government has been frequently organizing power-saving lectures and constructing power education or supervision websites for local schools and groups .
with the active cooperation of local residents , such measures have saved the region over 400-million kwh for the past year , accounting for 1.08% of its total consumption .
the hksar government now plans to incorporate energy efficiency and regeneration into local primary and middle-school curriculum , helping its citizens realize the importance of energy saving from childhood and form favorable consumption habits .
it has also promoted programs for energy-saving , requesting subordinates to save energy while maintaining service standards .
it proposes an air-conditioner setting of 25.5 degrees centigrade in normal cases .
over 200 energy auditings have been performed by the electrical and mechanical service department for government properties , trying to find new ways to save energy .
energy-effective illumination systems are required for newly built and furnished offices , with energy saving models prioritized in equipment purchasing .
( world ) pan am sues libya for lockerbie disaster
xinhua news agency , july 7 , london - - the bankrupt trustee of pan am joined the insurer on july 7 to file a lawsuit against the libyan government , libya airways and the two libyans alleged responsible for the lockerbie disaster with a court in edinburgh , requesting for due economic compensations .
the pan am declared bankruptcy back in 1991 .
the company suffered a loss of usd 343-million from lockerbie if interests were taken into consideration , said the trustee .
abdel basset ali mohamed al-megrahi , the alleged producer of the lockerbie disaster , was asked by several insurers including the lloyds to compensate for the loss of the plane crash , totalling usd 32-million with interests included .
sentenced to life imprisonment , the former secret service agent refused to make confessions and was still in the appealing process .
the key for the compensation is whether megrahia should be held responsible , according to his defendant .
al-amin khalifa fahima , another libyan suspect released in 2001 and the libyan airways , their employer , were also on the defendant list .
a pan am boeing 747 airliner exploded on its way from frankfurt germany through london to new york over the scottish town of lockerbie on december 21-1988 in which 270 people were killed .
us and uk intelligence services both blame libya for the lockerbie disaster .
libya claimed responsibility in august 2003 , vowing to offer usd 2.7-billion in compensation for the family of the victims before the un 's lifting of the sanction .
then the us-libyan relations began to warm up .
( world ) the nanjing acrobatic troupe premieres successfully in chile
xinhua news agency , july 7 , santiago ( by wang yang ) - - artists from the nanjing acrobatic troupe paid back the good wills of over 3000 chilean spectators , who had lined up in lengthy queues in order to purchase a ticket , bringing them an unforgettable night amidst cheering and screaming in victor jara stadium santiago on july 7 .
the theme of the performance that night is reverie of space .
it tells the story of a little girl drifting into space amidst dreams , finding a group of gentle and friendly aliens with astonishing stunts .
the girl returned to earth after having had a taste of their peaceful and beautiful lives .
the 41 young troupers average an age of 20 , with the youngest actress just turning 16 this year .
dramatically reforming traditional chinese acrobatics , the nanjing acrobatic troupe has trained performers for not only typical chinese-style flips , but also classic western-style ballet . they can also present romantic love stories in couples on high swing .
the dreamlike stage lights , background music incorporating traditional and modern elements and beautiful costumes of young troupers have jointly turned the acrobatics performance into a splendid carnival .
the breathtaking acrobatic performance and exhilarating music have kept the spectators all the way excited .
the intoxicated chilean spectators stood up and paid their regards with lasting cheers and applauds toward the end of the performance .
the nanjing acrobatic troupe touring south america plans to stay in chile for two weeks , their previous performance in brazil also triggered vehement responses , with all tickets completely sold out .
the nanjing acrobatic troupe is scheduled to visit another south american country argentina after their departure from chile .
( hong kong , macao and taiwan ) hong kong hospital authority strengthens staff training to prevent lab infection
xinhua news agency , july 8 , hong kong - - learning from lab infection cases outside the region , the infectious disease control training centre under the hong kong hospital authority plans to strength training for the lab staff to prevent possible cases of lab infection .
the most worrying group is not the technicians , but the graduate and post graduate interns for their lack of experience , according to dr yung wai-hung , director of the infection control branch at the centre for health protection of the hksar department of heath .
so they have been prioritized for the ongoing training program .
technicians experienced in micro organic experiments will also be trained , said yung .
and awareness of sample carriers like medical assistants will also be strengthened .
launched since the epidemic eruption last year , the emphasis of the training program reportedly lies in laboratory regulations and procedures , insurance of safety for sample transportation and disposal methods in case of an emergency .
acknowledging the safety of sample transportation for labs of hong kong , yung said that he has n't heard of any infection within the hospital authority over the past 10 years .
in addition , hong kong labs are required biennially to take a reauthentication , with the occupational safety &amp; amp ; health council of the labor department inspecting periodically to decide upon their eligibility .
the authentication process requires not only listing of procedures and regulations , but also proof that all employees have been duly trained to know them by heart .
( diplomacy ) jiang holds meeting with rice
xinhua news agency , july 8 , beijing ( by yang guoqiang ) - - china 's central military commission ( cmc ) chairman jiang zemin meets with us assistant to the president for national security affairs condoleezza rice at zhong nanhai on the afternoon of july 8 .
jiang summarized the development of sino-us relations in recent decades , putting forward three basic principles on bilateral ties : first , eye on the overall situation and long-term-development-oriented .
china and the united states were both big countries with world impact . the sino-us ties should be considered in the scope of asia and worldwide ;
second , recognize and respect differences , keep seeking and expanding common interests .
the world is various . all the civilizations and social mechanisms should co-exist peacefully and pursue common development via seeking common points while reserving differences .
third , strictly adhere to the three sino-us joint communiques and cautiously handle the taiwan issue .
with broad exchange and cooperation , it 's not odd for some contradictions and differences to exist between china and the united states .
the crux of the matter is to respect and treat each other on equal footing .
jiang stresses taiwan as the most important and sensitive core issue in sino-us relations .
the us side 's recent activities on the taiwan issue , especially its striving to sell advanced weapons to taiwan made chinese people deeply concerned and dissatisfied .
the chinese people long for peace and do not want war .
we will adhere to the basic principles of " peaceful reunification " and " one country , two systems " , and will never tolerate taiwan independence .
china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity were the paramount and the national will of the 1.3-billion chinese people was inviolable .
if the taiwan authorities go their own way towards taiwan independence , and if the foreign forces step in , we will never sit by and watch .
rice said that us president bush attaches much importance to us-china ties and hopes to expand exchange and cooperation between the two nations in many sectors .
on the taiwan question , he understands china 's concern and does not want to see conflicts in the taiwan straits .
the president 's stance of supporting one-china principle , not supporting any unilateral change to the straits status quo is explicit and steadfast .
zhao yong appointed as board chairman and general manager of sichuan changhong
xinhua news agency , july 8 , chengdu ( by zhang wei ) - - sichuan provincial committee and government announced on july 8 in mianyang city of china 's sichuan province , where the headquarter of changhong electric co . is based , that ni runfeng will no longer serve as the leader of changhong group inc . and the electric co . ltd . , and zhao yong will succeed him as the board chairman and general manager .
graduated from china 's tsinghua university , the-41-year-old zhao yong started to work for changhong in april 1993 and left the ceo position in june 2001 to serve as vice mayor of mianyang .
sichuan provincial leaders announced that ni 's departure is because he is at retirement age and at the same time , he is appointed as the provincial government consultant .
born in 1944 , ni runfeng was appointed the factory director of the state-owned changhong machine factory in 1985 , and took the post of board chairman as well as general manager of changhong electric co . ltd . in june 1988 .
within ten years , the company has grown into china 's tv set giant , with its net assets exceeding tens of billions of yuan and brand value reaching as high as rmb 26-billion , ranking the nation 's first place in electronics industry .
the annual production capacity of changhong reaches 17-million at present , ranking among the first three manufacturers of colored tv sets all over the world .
wang fengchao and liu tibin will serve respectively as changhong 's vice board chairmen , according to decisions made by the sichuan provincial committee and government .
liu tibin is also appointed secretary of party committee for changhong group inc . and yang xuejun the standing vice secretary .
wang fengchao will serve as general manager of changhong electric co . ltd .
the board of directors has already hired wang fengchao as the general manager and liu tibin the standing vice general manager for sichuan changhong electric co . ltd . according to related regulations of the company law .
( world ) hi-tech automobiles increase chip demands
xinhua news agency , july 8 , tokyo - - with the intelligentization of automobiles , chipmakers in japan have targeted the industry one after another .
they hope to use more chips in car production , even duplicating the model of cell phone industry to equip cars with video cameras .
analysts rate electronic technology as the main driver of automobile innovation , while chipmakers are the most important beneficiaries .
" because of the low penetration of electronics into the automobile industry , we can expect to see increased ( chip ) demands brought about by such continued progress , " said mike williams , vice president of the us market surveyor gartner group inc .
there are various kinds of automobile chips such as power-saving microcontrollers , fingerprint ignition devices and automatic environment regulators .
around 50 to 70 chips are used in ordinary cars , while over 100 are used in limousines .
the average number of chips used will be doubled by 2008 , according to the prediction of advantest , japan 's biggest microchip tester manufacturer .
a us market researcher also believes that the global automobile chip market will be doubled by 2008 at a total of usd 24.5-billion , growing even faster than 68% for the chip industry itself .
apart from the power-saving microcontrollers , video cameras will be the fastest grower in the automobile chip market .
the total market value will reach usd 1.6-billion if 10 video cameras are installed for each car , which becomes the equivalent of the video camera market for mms mobile phones .
video cameras are widely used in mms mobile phones and digital cameras .
video cameras are able to intelligently monitor surrounding traffic situations , correcting the drivers ' mistakes when necessary to avoid car accidents .
they can also monitor frequency of the driver 's eye blinking and send warning messages when he becomes sleepy .
( world ) italian central bank calls on government to accelerate economic restructuring
xinhua news agency , july 8 , rome ( by yang aiguo ) - - the italian government is urged to accelerate its economic restructuring process , so as to effectively control further expansions of the nation 's public expenses , said antonio fazio , italian central bank governor at an annual session of italian bankers association held here on july 8 .
fazio expressed his worries over the continued budget deterioration , expecting the government to " carefully assess " the current economic situation .
he said the country 's gross industrial output value dropped by 1.4% over the past year within the first 6 months , while its public finance stood even worse , with financial deficits increasing by nearly 50% .
standard &amp; amp ; poor 's , an international provider of credit ratings , recently degraded the long-term public bonds issued by italy , highlighting the fact that the country 's economy is faced with difficulties .
fazio stressed that it is the top priority for the government to cut down public financial deficits .
he believes that the recently submitted budget supplement totalling eur 7.5-billion in revenue increases and expenditure cutbacks will keep the year 's public financial deficits within 3% of the country 's gross domestic product , so as to meet the requirements of the stability and growth pact put forward by the european union .
he also warns that the situation has left very limited leeway for the government to implement its large-scaled tax cuts , he then hopes the plan will not bring further pressure to the already strained public financial situation , so as to avoid the possible side effects that might be caused .
statistics show the aging of population and present social-economic structures have caused continued increases of public expenses in social welfare and medicare programs , putting enormous pressure on the nation 's strained financial situation .
italy recently received a warning from the eu that the failure to cut back public expenses this year will increase the public financial deficits to 3.2% of the country 's gross domestic product .
in addition , the public debts of italy take up 106% of its gdp , topping all nations of the euro zone .
over 300 old and famous enterprises in china stay in loss
xinhua news agency , july 9 , beijing ( by wang yu ) - - 20% or over 300 of china 's 1600 old and famous enterprises are faced with long-term losses , some even washed out by the market ; another 70% barely manage to maintain the status quo ; only 10% have been revitalized through reforms and innovations , sources from the ministry of commerce are quoted as saying .
the main reason for this decline is their inability to adapt to the changes of the market economy , said officials from the ministry of commerce .
these enterprises have all followed the course of private family factories , joint state-private ventures and eventually state-owned enterprises .
somewhat successful in the planned economy , the operation mechanisms of the old and famous enterprises can hardly meet the requirements of this brand new era , causing their lagging behind in both system and operation mechanism due to the drastic changes of environment in the market economy .
80% of china 's old and famous enterprises are medium and small-sized commercial enterprises .
there were over 10,000 old and famous enterprises when the new china first established , mostly operating in such industries as retail , food and beverage , medicine , food processing , cigarette &amp; amp ; alcohol processing , resident services ( including photo taking , hair dressing , washing &amp; amp ; dying and bathing ) , book sales , silk , arts and handicrafts and culture relics . these enterprises were mainly located in china 's historically and culturally famous cities including beijing , shanghai , nanjing , hangzhou , tianjin , fuzhou and chendu .
the number declined to just over 1600 according to publicized statistics from related institutions in 1993 , mainly dealing in food &amp; amp ; beverages , food processing , medicine and retail industries .
the old and famous enterprises should seek to combine their past foundation with modern operation , integrating traditional operation mechanism with modern production technology and management system to setup the modern enterprise system . they should also adopt modern operating ways of franchise and chain operation , and strengthen standardization and staff training to contribute to development and innovation , said an official from the department of commercial reform and development , the ministry of commerce of the people 's republic of china .
experts disclose details of bird flu in anhui province
xinhua news agency , july 9 , he fei ( by dai qun ) - - zhou shiqi , the general agronomist of the agricultural committee of anhui province , briefed the xinhua reporter about the details in discovery and control of anhui bird flu .
zhou said the owner of the farm was quite vigilant and immediately reported to related institutions , thus gaining precious time for the epidemic confirmation .
when chickens began to die in large numbers , the owner of the farm made an immediate report to the epidemic prevention section at the basic level . as soon as preliminary diagnosis revealed possible cases of bird flu , the samples were immediately sent to the provincial agricultural committee and soon confirmed as suspected cases .
the provincial government quarantined the infected spot , beginning to cull poultry and disinfect the surrounding environment while they sent the suspected cases to the ministry of agriculture .
after the deaths were confirmed to be caused by bird flu viruses , the provincial government started an emergency plan . as a result , all poultry within a radius of three kilometers of the infected spot were culled , disinfected and buried deeply , and poultry within five kilometers were given compulsory immunization .
not only all poultry nearby the infected spot were culled , but also the packing and feeding stuff were strictly disinfected .
according to universally accepted standards , the most important evidence that the epidemic has been effectively under control is no infection is detected in the surrounding areas , which is directly related to the previous case .
so far , no new cases of bird flu were reported from juchao district of chaohu city , which shows that the infection of the disease has been kept under control , according to statistics issued by the animal disease control department of anhui province .
the natural environment of the farm is helpful for the prevention and control of the epidemic , greatly reducing the transmission possibility of the highly infectious disease , said zhou .
as a deserted office of village cadres , the mountain-surrounded poultry farm is naturally blocked by rivers and paddy fields at the back , with only one footpath leading in and out . the farm is almost in a state of natural isolation with very few human activities .
( sports ) hansen beats world record of japan 's king of breaststroke
xinhua news agency , july 8 , washington - - brendan hansen found it hard to believe he smashed the men 's 100m breaststroke world record set by kosuke kitajima , japan 's king of breaststroke when he heard the announcer screaming ' a new world record ' .
hansen clocked 59.30 sec . at the july 8 us olympic swimming trials held in california , breaking the previous record of 59.78 set by japan��s kosuke kitajima last july at the world championships in barcelona .
hansen 's record is a breakthrough even for the star-clustered us , since he is the first to break the one-minute mark .
" the first thing i remember is hearing the announcer screaming ' a new world record ' , and you think ' that 's not me , is it ' ?
hansen takes the lead from the start , clocking 27.93 sec . when he turns , 0.68 less than kitajima 's record , then he rows over to set the new record .
" he did what he said . he said he would finish in 1.01 sec . for the preliminary , break the national record at the semi-final and smash the one-minute mark at the final , and he really did it , " said hansen 's coach eddie reese .
reese will lead hansen and other us men swimmers to the athens olympics in august .
( diplomacy ) china and dprk together mark 43rd anniversary of sino-dprk treaty
xinhua news agency , july 9 , beijing ( by li xuanna ) - - dprk ambassador to china choe jin su held a reception on the 9th in beijing to mark the 43rd anniversary of the signing of the treaty of friendship , cooperation and mutual assistance between china and the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) .
over 50 people from the two countries showed up at the reception .
raidi , vice-chairman of the chinese national people 's congress standing committee , addressed the reception , saying that the two sides had strengthened friendly cooperation in all spheres and made important contributions to maintain regional peace and security during the course of 43 years .
the two sides have maintained momentum of high-level visits in recent years , concerting efforts on the korean peninsula nuclear issue and expanding bilateral economic cooperation .
china is satisfied with the bilateral ties .
he said 2004 is of great significance for both sides .
general secretary kim jong il paid a successful visit to china in april , greatly advancing the relations between our two parties and nations .
october will also mark the 55th anniversary of bilateral diplomatic relations .
china believes the bilateral ties will gain momentum in a new regional and international context .
choe jin su said the dprk-china relationship will continue to develop on the basis of common strategic interests and consensus reached by leaders of the two nations in kim jong il 's visit to china in april .
the chief representative of the people 's republic of china , zhou enlai and the chief representative of the democratic people 's republic of korea , kim il sung signed the treaty of friendship , cooperation and mutual assistance between china and dprk on july 11 , 1961 in beijing .
the treaty aims at cementing the two countries ' friendly cooperative and mutual-aid relations , jointly ensuring the security of the two peoples , and maintaining and consolidating the peace in asia and the world based on mutual respect for each other 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , mutual nonaggression , noninterference in each other 's internal affairs , equality and mutual benefit as well as mutual aid and support .
( world ) russia forms special workgroup to chase unpaid yukos tax bills
xinhua news agency , july 9 , moscow ( by song shiyi ) - - russia has formed a special workgroup consisting of justice and securities experts to implement the court verdict on chasing unpaid yukos tax bills , said russian justice minister yuri chaika on july 9 .
andrei belyakov , head of the russian justice ministry 's bailiff service said that day the voluntary implementation session allowed by the court verdict is now over .
if yukos does not implement the court verdict voluntarily , the justice ministry will then exert powers " strictly and uncompromisingly " .
yukos is compelled to pay back an additional tax for 2000 , including fines and penalties totalling 99.4-billion rubles ( $ 3.4-billion ) to the tax authorities , said the court verdict .
following the freezing of bank accounts at yukos headquarters , the russian justice ministry has again frozen those of at least three of its subsidiaries , and confiscated the company keeping the yukos books , said a yukos spokesman on july 9 .
the spokesman said the freezing of bank accounts has completely halted yukos operation due to inability to continue regular business activities .
the yukos defendant again expressed his wills to countercharge the court verdict , requesting a halt to its implementation based on the fact yukos has n't yet obtained the formal documents thus far .
both russian finance minister alexei kudrin and prosecutor general vladimir ustinov believe that yukos has sufficient funds to pay off state debts .
if yukos decides to sell assets for the payback , then the deadline could be further postponed , kudrin quoted russian law as saying .
nation 's first superconductor cable put into use
xinhua news agency , july 10 , beijing ( by zhang jingyong ) - - the first superconductor cable system in china has been put into operation in the city of kunming , enabling tens of thousands of residents and multiple enterprises in the city 's northwest to use electric powers transmitted through superconductor cables .
this means china has become the third country in the world to install superconductor lines into electricity grids following the united states and denmark .
it is reported that the high-tech conductor first uses a combined method to reduce mechanical damages in the reeling process , which has greatly enhanced the quality of superconductor cable production ; it first circulates liquid nitrogen for cooling purposes to improve the cable 's cooling effects ; it first adopts universally-accepted modularized designs in cable terminals , best meeting the needs of industrialization and large volume production .
put into operation on april 19 at puji transformer substation in kunming city , the superconductor network has lower operational wear-down , or 50 percent to 60 percent that of common cables .
since the superconductor cables have higher power transmission capability of up three to five times that of common cables , the use of such systems can also save us large amounts of floor space and precious land resources .
the operation of the superconductor cable system in kunming has demonstrated the country 's maturity in this cutting-edge technology , bearing a significant impact on future developments of china 's power systems .
the use of superconductor cables in china 's main grid and bottleneck routes may help to increase the safety and reliability of the national power grid , fundamentally resolving difficulties in long distance , large volume power transmission process from the country 's west to east regions .
tang cites " big market , small government " as hong kong 's cornerstone
xinhua news agency , july 10 , hong kong - - the principles of " big market , small government " has been hong kong 's cornerstone for success and development , for it facilitates the effective distribution and deployment of resources , inspires creativity , stimulates economic vitality and creates more job opportunities , said tang ying-yen , the hksar financial secretary .
when the second legislative council of hksar is about to end , tang briefed the legislators on accomplishments of hksar government under the principle of " big market , small government " .
tang said that under the principle of " market-orientation and government-facilitation " , the hksar government will continue to create favorable environments for sustainable growth in various industries , so as to provide more job opportunities to benefit everyone in society .
tang said that under the precondition of market orientation , the hksar government has been devoted to establishing a better business environment to strengthen foreign investors ' confidence in hong kong .
we have been all the while upholding the rule of law , keeping an efficient and administration-oriented government as well as honest and competent civil servants . we have continuously improved qualifications of our working population , promoted free enterprise and free trade , ensured the free flow of information , maintained a stable budget system and healthy financial mechanism , pursued a prudent public financial policy and implemented a simple and clear low rate of taxation .
only when the market has failed to perform all its functions or aimed to protect public safety , will the hksar government actively participate in the play , stressed tang ying-yen .
by the time this legislative council is about to end , i sincerely hope people from all walks of life will unite in solidarity to make joint efforts for hong kong 's future , said tang ying-yen .
ice city chilled in heavy downpours , causing severe traffic jams
xinhua news agency , july 10 , ha er bin ( by chen bing ) - - the ice city ha er bin was turned suddenly into a " water city " on the 10th by a heavy downpour lasting for 2 hours this afternoon , bringing coolness to the heat-stricken city residents while causing unprecedented troubles for people going out .
the downpour started around 14:30 and ended at 17:00 , said information from the hei longjiang meteorological department .
rainstorms were reported in certain areas .
the lasting downpour caused trouble for the city 's sewerage systems , keeping water on streets for quite some time and resulting in traffic disturbances .
many vehicles on zhu jiang road of ha er bin stopped in deep water , unable to get any support .
the 1 meter ponding under the subway-bridge connecting daoli and daowai districts submerged wheels , and passengers on the stuck buses had to get off and walk in water .
many household basements were also flooded at hong qi street and xian feng road .
the sudden downpour caused a surge in taxi businesses .
" forsaking good for the sake of gold " , many taxi drivers would take all incoming passengers , often with 3 or 4 groups on board , while others even spent time taking people across an 80-meter wide pool , charging each for 5 yuan .
such concentrated rainfall rang the flood-control alarm bells for ha er bin residents , who began to worry about the city 's water levels .
china 's northeast region experienced centennial droughts from turn of summer till july this year .
the downtown area also suffered from temperatures of above 30 degrees centigrade for a consecutive of more than 10 days .
ha er bin practiced artificial rainmakings for a couple of times in order to ease the droughts .
( world ) us civilians transport aid materials to cuba regardless of government sanctions
xinhua news agency , july 10 , havana - - sources here said that 120 us civilians arrived in the cuban capital havana on july 10 , donating 126 tons of aid materials raised in the united states to protest against the tight sanctions imposed by the bush administration .
coming from a us organization pastors for peace , these people all wear t-shirts printed " change the us , not cuba " .
they brought aid materials including school buses , drugs , medical instruments , computers and books .
" our goal is to challenge the embargo of us government against cuba " , said lucius walker , person responsible for this group .
he said the us government threatened to impose fines up to usd 7,500 on us citizens who paid unauthorized visits to cuba , " but this will only strengthen our confidence . "
he believes the ( us ) embargo against cuba to be " immoral , unfair and unreasonable " , and an increasing number of americans hope to change this hostile policy .
the organization had already transported aid materials totalling 2,350 tons to cuba without the permission of the us government since 1992 , said cuban officials .
the us government has been consistently imposing trade embargos and economic sanctions against cuba since 1960 . it recently implemented a series of new sanctions , including restricting family visits paid by us-residing cubans and their fund remittance back to their families , as well as their sending of drugs , food , clothes and personal commodities back home .
shanghai enters the first day of prolonged heat
xinhua news agency , july 11 , shanghai ( by li rong ) - - entering the year 's first day of prolonged heat , the highest temperature stood at 36.9 degrees centigrade in shanghai on july 11 , the highest this year .
it is the second consecutive day for temperatures above 35 degrees centigrade to emerge in shanghai .
the first heat wave happens to take hold over weekends .
the weekend free-of-charge park tours make the city residents feel uncomfortable at home , but the suffocating heat outdoors leaves them hard to breathe , especially in places without shades .
even children most interested in outdoor activities can not afford to stay long in parks , urging parents to go home after a brief visit .
the shanghai central meteorological observatory has repeatedly issued high temperature warnings .
yao qingzu , a top forecaster , said the present control of warm air mass and the strong sunlight have jointly caused the temperature to climb up .
thundershowers took place on the 10th in certain areas , while those of the 11th did n't form until evening fall , failing to cool down the weather .
there could be thundershowers on the 12th in certain areas , but if it scales too small or rains too late , another day of high temperature is yet predictable .
when asked whether the year 's first continuous heat wave will mark the end of the rainy reason , yao replied it still needs observation .
the city 's total rainfall decreased over the previous years , with strong convective weather in certain areas obviously discernable since its mid-june entry into the mei-yu season .
a number of putong townships suffered from thunder and hailstorms on july 10 , lifting some roofs and causing temporary blackouts in certain areas .
south china power grid breaks load record for the eighth time in summer
xinhua news agency , july 12 , beijing ( by chang zhipeng ) - - consecutive days of high temperature have gradually increased the load of south china power grid .
most up-to-date statistics show that the peak load of network distribution totalled 42.78-million kilowatts , up 11.08% over the last year , breaking historic record for the eighth time since the beginning of this year .
first broken in late may , the electricity load beat last year 's early-august peak record two months earlier , hitting a new high of 39.32-million kilowatts in electricity load of south china power grid .
then the electricity load for the entire network broke the record of 40-million kilowatts for the first time .
then south china power grid broke the load record for a consecutive of 5 times in the month of june .
moreover , the electricity loads of 5 provinces have continuously hit new record .
guangdong power grid refreshes its historical record for a consecutive of 7 times within this year , with that of guangxi increasing by 820,000 kilowatts over the last year .
the peak loads of guizhou , yunnan and hainan power grids have respectively hit new records by early july .
south china power grid has now entered the peak consumption stage of summer season , and the peak load demands for the inter-connected guangdong , guangxi , yunnan and guizhou power grids are estimated at 47-million kilowatts , putting more stress on the region 's power supply .
with the completion and production of a number of key projects , the peak load for electricity transmission from west to east will increase by 1-million kilowatts from guizhou to guangdong province on the existing peak load of 7.6-million kilowatts ever since july , according to responsible officials from south china power grid .
meanwhile , south china power grid has just issued plans to deal with the summer peak , adopting measures to ensure safety of the power grid and strengthen demand management , so as to best satisfy the electric demands of our society .
( world ) russian guards seize large amounts of drugs in tajikistan
xinhua news agency , july 13 , alma-ata ( by ren ruien ) - - information from dushanbe : russian border guards seized 118 kilograms of heroin on july 12 on the tajik-afghan border , the border guards ' press service was quoted on the 13th as saying .
russian border guards found five smugglers attempting to cross borders illegally from afghanistan to tajikistan in the afternoon of july 12 .
russian guards fired gunshots into the air in an attempt to curb the smugglers , who paid no attention to their warnings when they crossed the border to enter a nearby village .
three sacks containing a total of 118 kilograms of heroin were discovered by russian soldiers in a search attempt .
russian soldiers are still hunting down those illegal smugglers .
despite the strengthened efforts by tajik and russian forces to curb drug smuggling , such activities on tajik-afghan border still remain rampant this year .
these drugs are mainly smuggled into tajikistan via regions controlled by russian troops from afghanistan .
russian guards in tajikistan have jointly held seven operations with tajik interior ministry drug department from january to june this year , seizing a total of 407 kilograms of drugs with 332 kilograms of heroin and capturing 187 illegal smugglers .
the tajik-afghan border has been kept by the russian soldiers since the disintegration of the former soviet union .
their major tasks include combat drug trafficking and illegal-smuggling , which is of great significance for securities of central asia and russia .
( world ) head of malta parliament holds talks with wang zhaoguo
xinhua news agency , july 13 , valetta ( by yang aiguo ) - - anton tabone , head of the malta parliament held talks on july 13 with the visiting vice-chairman of the chinese national people 's congress ( npc ) standing committee , wang zhaoguo .
the two sides exchanged views on bilateral ties , exchanges between the npc and malta parliament , as well as regional and international issues of common interests .
wang first passed the greetings from wu bangguo , the chairman of the standing committee of chinese national people 's congress to tabone .
he said china appreciates valetta 's sticking to the one-china policy .
the bilateral relations can be held as an example of peaceful-coexistence between nations of different sizes and social systems .
the chinese national people 's congress attaches much importance to relations with the malta parliament , willing to further strengthen bilateral exchanges and cooperation and expecting the country to make more achievements in promoting the full-scaled development of comprehensive strategic partnership between china and europe .
malta cherishes traditional friendship between the two countries , attaching much importance to develop bilateral ties . the country will also stick to the one-china policy , said tabone .
the malta parliament wants to strengthen ties with the chinese npc , believing the visit of vice chairman wang zhaoguo will strongly promote the development of bilateral ties .
tabone also asks wang zhaoguo to send regards to chairman wu bangguo .
wang attends the welcome dinner held by abela , the malta parliament deputy leader after the talks .
a delegation of china 's national people 's congress headed by wang zhaoguo arrived in valetta in the afternoon of july 13 to pay an official goodwill visit to malta .
( diplomacy ) wu bangguo meets with cpr speaker
xinhua news agency , july 14 , beijing ( by luo hui ) - - china 's national people 's congress ( npc ) wants to develop ties with the council of people 's representatives ( cpr ) of ethiopia , strengthening exchanges at all levels including legislative supervision to further enhance the existing friendship between the two countries and their peoples to make contributions to the all-round development of bilateral ties between china and ethiopia , said wu bangguo , chairman of the npc standing committee during his meeting with the cpr speaker ato dawit yohanes .
wu said china and ethiopia boast traditional friendship and they have always supported each other , shared common views on many major international and regional issues , and maintained sound consultations and cooperation in international affairs .
the chinese side appreciates ethiopia 's support for china on such issues as taiwan and human rights , and it will , as always , make joint efforts with ethiopia to promote development of bilateral friendship and cooperation , noted wu .
wu said china is the world 's largest developing country , while africa is the continent with the largest number of developing countries . as a result , the development of friendship and cooperation between china and african countries including ethiopia has always been an important part of china 's independent foreign policy of peace .
the chinese side will work with african countries to build a new sino-african lasting and steady partnership of overall cooperation on an equal and reciprocal footing .
dawit said that the council of people 's representatives ( cpr ) of ethiopia seeks to strengthen ties with china 's national people 's congress ( npc ) , further promoting exchanges and cooperation between the two legislative bodies to improve friendship between our two peoples and promote all-round development of bilateral relations .
( sports ) vice president of the international paralymic committee believes in beijing 's successful holding of 2008 paralympics
xinhua news agency , july 15 , beijing - - francois terranova , vice president of the international paralymic committee invited to attend the ceremony unveiling the emblem of 2008 paralympic games said he is confident that beijing could do well when hosting the paralympic games , attracting both media and audiences to lend more support to disabled sports .
visiting beijing for a second time after 13 years , francois feels shocked for the rapid growth of china 's economy , and also pleased about china 's achievements in the construction of barrier-free facilities .
he highly praises china 's achievements in disabled sports and sincerely wishes its excellent performance in athens paralympics so as to lay a solid foundation for the preparation of 2008 beijing games .
during his stay in beijing , francois holds friendly talks with lu shiming , executive deputy director of china disabled person 's federation ( cdpf ) and jia yong , director of china paralymic administration centre on strengthening communications and cooperation between china and international paralympic committees , chinese delegation 's attending of the athens paralympics and its preparations for the beijing games .
when he is aware that the chinese athletic team plans to attend 11 of the 19 events in athens , he says a lot more needs to be done if the chinese team wishes to participate in more or all events in 2008 beijing paralympics .
he expresses the international paralympic committee 's firm support for beijing to successfully hold the 2008 paralympics , and for china paralympic committee to prepare involvement in more events , so as to improve athletic standards and work for the best results .
francois also passes to lu shiming the regards from phil craven , the president of the international paralympic committee , expressing sincere wishes for china paralympic committee to hold the 2005 executive board session of ipc .
( newspaper extracts ) hidden trouble of peking man site at zhou kou dian gets treated at end of month
xinhua news agency , july 15 , beijing - - the peking man world heritage site at zhoukoudian will see preserving efforts for the first time since the skull of " peking man " was first excavated in 1929 .
the investment totals rmb 2-million , with constructive work completed by the end of october .
natural and historic damages including inappropriate excavations , shaking of trains , mining and weather erosions have already posed threats to the peking man site at zhou kou dian , even causing immediate dangers to some individual sections .
" the hidden trouble mainly lies in the phenomena of mountain-sliding , rain-leaking as well as rock-loosening , " said experts from the institute of geology and geophysics , chinese academy of sciences .
the preservation efforts will be implemented under the principle of nondamages to the rocks , unaffecting present landscape and maintaining permanence of the world heritage site . technical methods such as grouting and riveting will be adopted during the process of construction .
the six reinforced sites will include ge zi tang , the third and fourth places , drape piler , upper cave , and the ash layer .
the plan for reinforcement has already been approved by the state administration of culture heritage through prolonged research and discussion by experts from various fields .
" the zhou kou dian site will be able to resist strong wind , heavy rain and normal low temperature after the reinforcement , and able to resist strong earthquake as well , " said lan lizhi , the responsible designer and assistant chief engineer from liaoning nonferrous metal investigation and research institute .
it is reported that the preservation plan for peking zhou kou dian site is likely to be issued soon .
the plan will outline the detailed rules for site preservation , environmental renovation and institutional setup of the zhou kou dian site .
the zhou kou dian site is located under the longgu montain to the west of beijing .
a chinese paleoanthropologist pei wenzhong discovered in 1929 the first complete skull fossil of beijing ape which dated back 500,000 years from the ape cave of longgu mountain , which caused great shocks to the entire world .
the peking man site at zhou kou dian was inscribed as one of the world 's cultural heritages in 1987 by the unesco .
( sports ) three asian cup attenders arrive in chongqing
xinhua news agency , july 15 , chongqing ( by liu weihong , zhang simin ) - - three football teams arrived in chongqing on july 15 to attend the asian football cup .
all preparatory works have been finished in chongqing for the group match starting on the 20th .
iran players arrived first at 2:00pm in the afternoon on july 15 .
thailand arrived later through guangzhou , and japan through hong kong .
another team in the group , oman is expected to arrive on the 16th .
all team leaders have come here for reviews sometime earlier , feeling quite satisfied with the hotels and fields .
" the excellent fields here are comparable to those of japan in the korea  japan world cup , even better in some aspects , " said the team leader of japan .
although the last to start among four groups , the organizing committee of chongqing has already fulfilled all preparatory works from team reception to match safeguards .
more than 6000 police will be deployed in the entire process , representing a number of 2000 at each particular match .
the organizing committee also assembled more than 400 buses and the same number of cabs , which could evacuate the stadium within half an hour upon the end of a match .
two comprehensive simulated-drills were organized by chongqing in late june soon after the final review of asian football
the chongqing organizing committee is confident about the upcoming success after the july 3 warm-up match between china and lebanon .
( sports ) " european superman " strel continued his swim of yangtze river from wuhan
xinhua news agency , july 15 , wuhan ( by luo lijing , liao jun ) - - having covered 3,060 kilometers of distance , martin strel , the slovenian swimmer entitled " european superman " , started again at 8:30am , july 15 from xin jiang tan , wuhan to continue swim in the yangtze river . he is expected to arrive at chongming island , his final destination in shanghai on the 29th .
50 years old , strel is a well-known swimmer with three guinness records who challenged both danube and mississippi river . he 's still holding the guinness world record of marathon swim for covering a distance of 3,980 kilometers .
his yangtze adventure started june 10 from li jiang , yunnan province . he jumped into the water every morning and climbed up at sunset , and jumped in again the next day .
strel arrived successfully in wuhan through yunnan , sichuan and chongqing in the afternoon of july 14 .
he is expected to arrive on the 15th in yuezhou , hubei province .
it is reported that strel tried his best to arrive in wuhan before july 16 .
" the great leader of chinese people , chairman mao , crossed the yangtze river on july 16 , to whom i would like to pay respect , " said strel .
strel kept his promise , and did n't look tired when he finished on the 14th .
" yangtze is the most dangerous yet exciting river i 've ever swimmed , " said strel while looking back on the dangerous moments during the past month .
in order to challenge the yangtze river , strel started his preparations last year including trainings of mountain skiing , three gymnastic sessions per week and two swimming sessions per day . he also received swimming and altitude trainings in the pyrenees mountain .
strel signed a life and death pledge in order to complete this adventure .
shi yang , a china international sports travel ( cist ) interpreter told the reporter the goal of strel 's adventure is to promote the friendship between the two peoples of china and slovenia , break his own guinness world record , maintain peace and friendship as well as preserve clean water .
sponsored by the state general sports administration , the event is actually held by the china international sports travel inc .
china 's transient population reaches 10 percent of the national total
xinhua news agency , july 15 , beijing ( by li jianmin , fanxi ) - - zhao baige , vice director of the state population and family planning commission , said at a press conference on 15 that china 's floating population has reached 120-140-million , accounting for 10 percent of the national total .
faced by both china and the rest of the world , the problem of floating population occurs in the country 's urbanization process , which includes ensuring equal rights in such fields as employment , compensation , health care , education and social insurance , said zhao baige .
" the floating population is an important force of social developments because free flow of population will bring more freedom and development space , which are signs of social progress , " said zhao .
meanwhile , she admits that china also faces problems of excessive population concentration , inability to realize equal rights as well as difficulties in implementing managements .
" the chinese government is citing such problems as our next priorities , " said she .
zhao said china has some significant considerations for its floating population .
first , they should enjoy the same rights as city residents .
second , they will be viewed as an important driver of social progress , to whom we are obliged to provide more help .
for instance , birth control and reproduction health services are completely free of charge in beijing and shanghai .
besides , we should pay more attention to the planning of metropolis and satellite cities , strengthening guidance for flow of population to avoid the emergence of super metropolis .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong issues first consultation paper on sustainable development
hong kong , july 15 , xinhua ( reporter zheng xiaozhou ) the council for hong kong sustainable development issued its first consultation paper on the 15th , inviting public participation on a discussion over setting hong kong 's sustainable development strategies .
while presiding over the launching ceremony of the related document at the city university of hong kong , chief secretary for administration donald tsang , who is also the council 's chairman , said a frank and open attitude was adopted for the development of related strategies , in the hope of having active participation and responses from various circles .
he believed partnerships and brainstorming were essential in this process .
it is learned that the council 's paper covers three topics related to sustainable development , namely " solid waste management " , " renewable energy " and " urban living space " .
donald tsang said the consultation paper was about making choices for the future of sustainable development in hong kong .
as landfills in hong kong would definitely be filled up over the coming decade , we should consider as soon as possible and decide how to handle solid wastes for the future , he said .
in addition , it has become an issue of global concern to find renewable energies that are cleaner and more economic .
at the same time , as many people in hong kong are now living in a narrow space , it 's extremely necessary to discuss and research on how to improve and energize our living environment .
the council for hong kong sustainable development was founded in march last year , with the primary tasks of working to create a genuine partnership with the public and to define the meaning of sustainable development for hong kong .
the council will formulate a set of development strategies after reviewing the experience , successes and failures worldwide , in order to make hong kong a more economically vigorous , healthier and more righteous society that respects the natural environment and cultural traditions .
( international ) italian population reaches 57.88 million
rome , july 15 , xinhua ( reporter yang aiguo ) the latest report from the italian national statistics institute showed italy 's registered population nationwide reached 578,882,000 by the end of year 2003 , 567,200 more than the previous year , or an increase of 1 percent .
the increase in population was due primarily to the growth of local newborns , the shrinkage of people migrating to foreign countries , and remarkable increase of incoming immigrants , the report showed .
2003 saw the biggest number of newborns in the recent 10 years , with 544,000 newborns across italy , up 5,865 from a year ago .
at the same time , italy received 470,500 foreign immigrants in that year .
according to analysis , the expansion of foreign immigrants was associated with the adjustment of its immigration policies by the italian government in recent years .
there were 2.5-million immigrants in the italian national population so far .
regarding the national demographic structure , there were 29,819,600 females in the italian national population , which accounts for 51.5 percent .
speaking by regions , the economically more developed northern regions including lombardy accounted for 45.1 percent of the national population , middle regions including the lazio region , where the capital rome is located , took up 19.2 percent , and southern regions including sicily , where the economy is relatively underdeveloped , accounted for 35.7 percent .
experts believed that the situation was associated with the broad move of italian domestic residents within the country in recent years , especially given that residents in southern regions , out of economic hardship , were increasingly moving to the economically more developed northern and middle regions to find jobs .
another prominent characteristic of the italian demographic structure was that the family scale was getting smaller , with growing number of families and worsened population aging .
related figures suggested the current number of families across italy increased by nearly 2-million from a decade ago , while the average number of people in a family dwindled to 2.6 people from 2.8 people ten years ago .
at the same time , people over the age of 65 increased significantly , especially in northern big metropolitans such as genoa , where the percentage of senior people was the highest .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) tung chee hwa inspects hong kong flood prevention works
hong kong , july 16 ( xinhua ) as tropical storm " kompasu " was approaching hong kong , hong kong 's chief executive tung chee hwa on the 16th inspected flood prevention works in the northern district of hong kong and visited villagers to see their preparation .
accompanied by the secretary for the environment , transport and works , sarah liao , tung chee hwa visited several families at fung wong wu village of ta kwu ling , new territories , which experienced bad flooding last year .
tung chee hwa told villagers that the sar government would do its best to build good flood prevention works and he was confident that the flooding problem would be solved after the current and next rainy seasons .
tung chee hwa then inspected the shenzhen river project stage iii and the river ganges project , which were in progress there .
director of drainage services raymond cheung told tung chee hwa that the project was getting along well and expected to complete by 2006 .
flooding is a serious problem in hong kong 's northern district in new territory and kowloon .
" the sar government is resolved and able to complete the major flood prevention works as soon as possible , address the problems gradually , and safeguard people 's lives and properties , " said tung chee hwa .
tropical storm " kompasu " landed in hong kong 's saikung district from around 3:00pm on the 16th .
due to the typhoon , it began to rain everywhere in hong kong , with storms in some areas .
flooding problems have always been a great concern of tung chee hwa .
he called a special meeting at the end of may this year , asking the secretary for the environment , transport and works and her colleagues to brief him on the latest progress on flood prevention works in various districts .
the hong kong sar government spent 5 billion hk dollars over the past decade on a series of river control and major flood prevention works .
72 flooding dark spots have been eliminated since 1995 .
( international ) jenkins traveling to japan for treatment , japanese government announces
tokyo , july 16 , xinhua ( reporter wu gufeng ) japanese chief cabinet secretary hiroyuki hosoda on the 16th told a press conference in tokyo that jenkins , husband of an " abduction " victim , hitomi soga , would travel to japan for treatment on the 18th , accompanied by his wife and two daughters .
hosoda said that before his announcement , he had called the us ambassador to japan , baker , to inform him of the decision that jenkins would travel to japan for treatment .
he added jenkins would be immediately hospitalized on arrival to go though comprehensive medical checkup .
secretary general of japan 's liberal democratic party , abe shinzo , met with baker on the 16th , requesting the us to view jenkins 's treatment in japan from a humanitarian perspective .
baker responded that jenkins was a deserter and should face judicial trial in the us .
while japanese government 's policy is that even if the us requests extradition , it will refuse and make an effort to settle hitomi soga and her family in japan .
jenkins was a former us soldier in south korea and was accused of defecting to north korea 40 years ago while on a night patrol , heading a us military unit , near the demilitarized zone on the korean peninsula .
jenkins later married hitomi soga , a japanese woman " abducted " to north korea .
hitomi soga returned to japan in september 2002 , during japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi 's visit in north korea .
jenkins and their two daughters are presently living in north korea .
hitomi soga and her family reunited in the indonesian capital jakarta on july 9 this year .
hitomi soga hope her husband and daughters to live in japan , but jenkins has not yet made his japan trip , as he is worried about possible indictment from the us .
( international ) us defense department creates office of detainee affairs
washington , july 16 , xinhua ( reporter pan yunzhao ) christopher ryan henry , principal deputy under secretary for policy of the us defense department , announced at a press conference on the 16th that defense secretary rumsfeld signed a directive on that day , deciding to create an office to specially deal with detainee affairs .
rumsfeld requested future reports from the international committee of red cross on the us troops ' treatment of prisoners to be directly forwarded to the office , which would highlight potential problems for higher-level review within the defense department , he said .
most of the reports that the international committee of red cross previously submitted to the us were shown this week to the house and senate armed services committees .
henry said the office would develop strategies and propose policies on how to handle foreign prisoners detained by the us military and would report these to rumsfeld via under secretary of defense for policy douglas jay feith .
the office is also the key agency representing the defense department to have dealings with the international committee of red cross .
when the scandal of american soldiers abusing iraqi prisoners was revealed late april this year , many countries condemned this serious incident of human rights violation .
the us defense department was also blamed for having ignored earlier warnings from the international committee of red cross about the existence of prisoners abuse at baghdad 's abu ghraib prison .
during the congress inquiry into the prisoners abuse incident , rumsfeld testified at three different hearings and officials of the deputy secretary level of the defense department testified at 12 different hearings .
( south china economic trends ) guangdong 's economy in the fist half grew by more than 15 percent year on year
guangzhou , july 17 , xinhua ( reporter zhong yuming ) according to news released by the guangdong statistics bureau , the whole province realized rmb 695.9 billion yuan in gdp for the first half of this year , up 15.1 percent year on year .
director of the provincial statistics bureau bu xinmin believed that the speed of economic development in guangdong province basically fell within the reasonable range of operation , and the provincial economy was expected to develop in a pattern of higher speed in the first half and lower speed in the latter half with basic steadiness , while the gdp for the whole year would be 14% .
guangdong 's gross agricultural output reached 66.055-billion yuan in the first half of this year , an increase of 5.5 percent from the comparable period last year , up 5.8 percent in growth rate .
large-scale industry realized 316.359-billion yuan across the province , increasing 23.1 percent year on year , the highest growth rate since 1998 .
from january to may , composite economic performance index for large-scale industrial enterprises across the province was 50.1 , climbing 11.6 percent year on year .
30 out of 39 major industrial categories maintained profit growth .
in the first half year , guangdong province realized a total of 230.895-billion yuan in fixed-asset investment , up 25.9 percent year on year .
the investment was basically consistent with the direction of industrial adjustment and market demands .
regulation and control in guangdong were particularly effective in the three major industries , namely electrolytic aluminum , concrete and steel , where the country believed the investment was too hot and the growth needed to be controlled .
there were no electrolytic aluminum projects in progress or starting across the province , while 2,327-million yuan was invested in the steel industry , a year-on-year drop of 12.5 percent in investment scale .
from january to june , total import and export volume was 159.29-billion us dollars for the entire guangdong province , an year-on-year growth of 25% .
sales in the consumer goods market continued to speed up , with total retail sales of consumer goods reaching 303.132-billion yuan , up 13.8% year on year . growth in market prices tended to slow down .
general budget income for the guangdong local revenue grew by 17.1 percent year on year to 70.896-billion yuan .
disposable income for urban residents increased by 11.8 percent year on year , and cash income for rural residents was up 1.2 percent year on year .
shenzhen slashes 265 items that require administrative approval
shenzhen , july 17 , xinhua ( reporter li nanling ) it is learned from the government bulletin of shenzhen a few days ago that there were originally 701 administrative approval items in total for the 37 governmental branches in shenzhen , of which 265 are slashed in the process of administrative system reform .
currently , 239 items of administrative licensing are explicitly retained by shenzhen , while the remaining 197 items are temporarily kept as items of " miscellaneous approval " for further clean-up and standardization .
it is said that the government of shenzhen municipality has 77 organizations in total after the administrative organizations adjustment , with 37 organizations involved in the administrative approval items clean-up this time .
all the 33 organizations that are part of or directly under the municipal government are relevant to the administrative approval items clean-up , except for the bureau of supervision , bureau of audit , legislative affairs office and the newly established intellectual property office .
for the administrative approval items after the clean-up , those that are administrative licensing by nature and compliant with the requirements in the administrative licensing law are retained as items of administrative licensing , those that are administrative licensing by nature but not compliant with the requirements in the administrative licensing law are eliminated , while other administrative approval items that fall outside the adjustment of the administrative licensing law are kept temporarily as miscellaneous approval items .
among them , the 239 administrative approval items that are retained shall be implemented in accordance with the measures stipulated in the shenzhen municipality several rules on the implementation of administrative licensing .
the fact that 265 administrative approval items are eliminated does n't mean the government waives its responsibilities for regulation .
the correspondent learned that no shenzhen governmental branches are allowed to give approval in any forms for those administrative approval items that are eliminated , but they should exercise supervision duties according to the administrative licensing law . new ways to fulfill the duties are , among others , putting on records afterwards , conducting regulation afterwards , handing over to industry associations for management .
( international ) father of world wide web knighted in britain
london , july 16 ( xinhua ) british queen elizabeth ii held a ceremony at buckingham palace on the 16th local time , dubbing british scientist tim �b erners-lee , known as " father of world wide web " , a knight .
taking fame and money lightly , berners-lee introduced the world wide web to the world free of charge after its invention .
he refused to take photos after accepting the investiture , simply saying he was standing in the right place at the right time .
" i suppose it 's indeed amazing . people have done so many things to no avail , while it 's very exciting that this one ( www ) does work , " he said .
the so-called www refers to the world wide web .
internet was born long before the world wide web came into being , but it was only available to computer experts due to the complexity of the technology for using it .
the world wide web is a system that dramatically simplifies the operation of internet by linking all sorts of information on the internet such as texts , graphics and sound .
the world wide web has now become a mature information services system on the computer network , being able to provide web pages designed in hypertext markup language and fine interactive graphical interfaces , making it easy for users to search and browse multimedia information on the internet .
berners-lee designed the world wide web in his spare time in 1991 while working as a software engineer at the european organization for nuclear research .
at the time , he designed the four basic norms of the world wide web that are in use today : hypertext markup language ( html ) ; hypertext transfer protocol ( http ) ; uniform resource locator ( url ) , or the address for web pages storage ; and the first graphical user interface , or an internet browser .
( international ) russia 's new technology produces feed proteins with chicken droppings and lees
moscow , july 16 ( xinhua ) poultry droppings could pollute the underground water if treated improperly , and the hazardous nitrogenous compound in the droppings are extremely difficult to be eliminated by water-purifying devices .
lees from beer brewing can not be directly used as feed either .
in order to recycle both forms of wastes together , russian experts recently developed a new technology that uses these wastes to produce feed proteins .
according to reports by local media , experts at the mendeleev university of chemical technology introduced that poultry droppings contained mineral nutrition and beer lees had a certain amount of carbohydrates , while some microorganisms could rely on these nutrients for food .
the researchers found after screening these microorganisms that a type of endomycopsis bacteria and a type of candida bacteria , after eating the above-mentioned food , could generate bacterioprotein , which may be used to produce animal feed .
the experts determined through further researches that treating poultry droppings and beer lees with acidic liquids such as sulfuric acid could kill the microorganisms in these wastes that were unfavorable to the lives of the endomycopsis bacteria and the candida bacteria .
there are 40 grams of beer lees and 12.5 grams of chicken dropping extracts in each liter of the liquid bacteria cultivating materials that are produced using the wastes treated this way .
the endomycopsis and candida bateria can produce 150 grams of bacterioprotein in each kilogram of such cultivating materials .
researchers later developed a way to filter out the bacterioprotein , which have been proven nontoxic and can be used to produce animal feed .
( newspaper clippings ) less than 20 percent of buildings in beijing meet requirements for lightning protection
beijing , july 18 , ( xinhua ) the lightning-strike disaster in china has become a major public hazard for the electronic age , and continuous thunderstorm weather recently has made this danger imminent .
however , recent statistics released by the beijing center for detecting the safety of lightning protection showed quite astoundingly that less than 20 percent of organizations or buildings across the city had comprehensive lightning protection measures in place that fully met requirements .
thunderbolt disaster is one of the ten worst natural disasters named by the united nations , and at present it 's among china 's top ten natural disasters .
according to estimation by relevant departments , there are averagely 2,000 thunderstorms per minute around the world , and more than 10,000 people globally are injured or killed by lightning strikes each year , and fires or explosions are frequently caused .
according to a report by the china youth daily on the 18th , there are more than 30 lightning-strike disasters in beijing each year , which usually occur to computers and communication systems , or ancient and public buildings .
lei zhenfa , a senior engineer at beijing center for detecting the safety of lightning protection analyzes that , there are three major reasons that lead to thunderbolt disasters : first , both organizations and individuals lack awareness of lightning protection , thinking they are incidents of remote probabilities and trusting too much to luck ;
( international ) us democratic party gets an upper hand in campaign tv ads
washington , july 18 ( xinhua ) a joint survey by us firm nielsen monitor-plus and the university of wisconsin showed that campaigns of the republican party and the democratic party had spent record 200-million us dollars on tv advertisements for the us presidential election to be held in november .
the period monitored starts from march 4 when kerry was nominated as the democratic candidate through to june 20 .
results showed the democratic party held an edge in terms of input in two thirds of the 93 markets where there were already campaign ads , and also had a greater impact on voters than the republican party in most markets .
ken goldstein , director of the university of wisconsin 's advertising project , said that in the past campaign battles the two parties were practically leg and leg in terms of spending on tv ads . this time kerry spent a bit more partly because quite a big amount was spent in kerry 's bid for the democratic candidature .
but " bush 's campaign should still feel surprised over kerry 's fund raising ability and his spending on tv ads . "
the survey also showed that in choosing the target audience , the both parties ' tv ads favored female in gender and targeted more on people aged 55 and above .
regarding the regions covered , both parties focused on the midwestern states of ohio and missouri , which have a combined 32 electoral votes , while the two parties seemed to attach little importance to florida , where the final results were decided by narrow margins in the year 2000 election .
in addition , from a nationwide perspective , 60% of americans live in areas where no presidential campaign ads have been shown since march this year .
( international ) russia changes chief of general staff
moscow , july 19 ( xinhua ) russian president putin signed a decree on the 19th that dismissed senior-general anatoly kvashnin from his posts of chief of general staff of the russian armed forces and first deputy defense minister , while appointing colonel-general yuri baluyevsky the russian chief of general staff and first deputy defense minister .
kvashnin had acted as the russian chief of general staff and first deputy defense minister since 1997 , after his service as the commander of russia 's north caucasus military district .
born on january 9 , 1947 , baluyevsky graduated from the leningrad higher combined-arms command school , the frunze military academy , and later the military academy of the general staff , and he was appointed as first deputy chief of the general staff in july 2001 .
putin also made some personnel reshuffle for the russian military and relevant law enforcement branches , russian media reported quoting sources from the russian presidential press service .
deputy commander of russia 's north caucasus military district belousov was appointed russia 's first deputy defense minister for troops training , the commander of the north caucasus military district boldyrev became the commander of the volga-urals military district , while the commander of the volga-urals military district baronov was transferred to the north caucasus military district as the commander .
putin also fired senior-general tikhomirov , the commander-in-chief of the russian interior troops , and appointed first deputy commander-in-chief of the interior troops , colonel-general rogozhkin , to the post of the interior troops ' acting commander-in-chief .
labunets , commander of the russian interior troops ' north caucasus district , and yezhov , deputy director of the russian federal security service , were also sacked .
sources in russia believe the dismissal of leaders of the interior troops and federal security service was associated with the terrorist attacks in ingushetia from the night of june 21 to predawn hours of june 22 .
( china-foreign exchange ) chinese minister of commerce hopes to complete cargo trade talks with asean as soon as possible
beijing , july 19 , xinhua ( reporter huang fuhui ) in a meeting with visiting asean secretary-general ong keng yong on the 19th , chinese minister of commerce bo xilai said china is willing to work together with asean to bring the cargo trade talks to a complete end as soon as possible .
bo xilai said china and asean share many common interests . the decision by leaders of the two parties to set up a free trade zone between china and asean is far-sighted . an early establishment of the free trade zone will contribute to the faster development of the bilateral economic and trade relations .
at present , talks on the free trade zone have made positive headway , and the " early harvest " program has been launched as scheduled on january 1 this year . china is willing to work together with asean to bring the cargo trade talks to a complete end as soon as possible .
bo xilai said the upcoming first china-asean exposition in nanning , china this november is an important platform that will encourage china and asean to strengthen exchanges and cooperation . china welcomes trade ministers and the secretary-general from the ten asean countries to the exposition , heading their delegations .
ong keng yong said asean is very interested in expanding trade with china . it 's beneficial to the political stability and economic prosperity of the region for asean to establish a free trade zone with china . the asean secretariat is willing to play a positive role .
he said the asean countries attach great importance to the first china-asean exposition , wishing it a success .
the economic and trade relations between china and asean developed rapidly in the recent years .
two-way trade volume has been growing at an average of over 20 percent annually since 1990 .
two-way trade volume amounted to 78.25-billion us dollars in 2003 , up 42.8 percent from the previous year , and two-way trade in the first half of this year increased by 39.7 percent year on year .
" early harvest " program mainly refers to the realization of zero tariffs by 2006 on agricultural products trade such as meat , eggs , milk , fish , vegetables and fruits .
since the implementation of the " early harvest " program , trade volume has been soaring on related products .
( international ) japan considers to import us multimission maritime aircraft as the new-generation patrol aircraft
tokyo , july 20 , xinhua ( report gang ye ) japan 's yomiuri shimbun on the 20th quoted the defense agency as saying that the government was considering importing the us-developed multimission maritime aircraft ( mma ) as the next-generation aircraft to replace the maritime self-defense force 's pc3 patrol aircraft .
the defense agency believed that using the same patrol aircraft as the us could strengthen the two countries ' anti-terrorism cooperation in waters surrounding japan .
however , such consideration of the government will certainly meet opposition from japan 's aviation industry , as the r &amp; amp ; d plan for the new-generation home-made patrol aircraft is currently in progress .
it is reported that mma is the next-generation replacement for p3 orion patrol aircraft developed by the us firm lockheed in the 1970s . with superior patrol , information processing and attacking performances , it helps improve maritime anti-terrorism and anti-submarine capabilities .
the us defense department consigned the design and development to boeing with an investment of 3.9-billion us dollars in june this year , expecting to complete the r &amp; amp ; d plan by 2013 .
some pc3 patrol aircraft currently used by the japanese maritime self-defense force will retire in around 2007 .
in the midterm defense buildup program , the defense agency explicitly mentioned the decision to promote a plan for developing new-generation patrol aircraft within the country with kawasaki heavy industries as the core , and the costs were expected to be as high as 82-billion yen .
however , since the us began to develop mma , the japanese defense agency had preferred to import this type of aircraft , so as to maintain close ties with the us navy and to slash investment .
it is reported that the defense agency would further compare and discuss the pros and cons of importing us aircraft and developing home-made aircraft independently .
( international ) germany commemorates the 60th anniversary of anti-nazi uprising
berlin , july 20 , xinhua ( reporter rong changhai ) german government officials and several hundred others from various social circles on the 20th held a ceremony of commemoration at the defense ministry building in the capital berlin , mourning for the warriors who were tragically killed 60 years ago for resistance against hitler 's atrocities .
the german defense ministry building was where stauffenberg , the organizer of hitler 's assassination at the time , and his three companions were executed .
german president koehler and chancellor schroeder attended the commemoration here , along with other top government officials , witnesses of the event at the time , and families of the victims .
schroeder said at the commemoration that the anti-nazi uprising was a " great historical legacy " , and that " struggling against tyranny and military aggression , as well as seeking for freedom and rule of law are now the most important foundation that pushes europe towards gradual unification . "
anti-nazi uprisings were attempts to free one 's own nation and people from the nazi tyranny and the resistance action was not an act of " treachery " .
late comers should encourage themselves with this , always defending the values of freedom and tolerance .
accompanied by bundeswehr chief of staff schneiderhan , german president koehler then laid a floral wreath at the monument honoring the resisters .
on july 20 , 1944 , german military officer stauffenberg and others secretly organized an operation to assassinate hitler out of their anger over nazi germany 's atrocities in world war ii , but their operation was unsuccessful , and stauffenberg and others were all killed afterwards .
after the war , germany set up a monument and an anti-nazi uprising museum at the spot where stauffenberg and other resisters were executed . it holds an annual commemoration ceremony to remember these warriors who rose up against nazi atrocities .
last contacts released from medical observation in the bird flu infected area in chaohu , anhui
hefei , july 21 , xinhua ( reporter shen ) as of 24:00 on the 19th , the last 131 general contacts held for medical observation had been all released in chaohu bird flu infected area , the correspondent was so informed by the anhui provincial health department .
following the occurrence of the bird flu cases early july in juchao district , chaohu city , the health authority of anhui province dispatched two groups of experts successively to juchao district to give guidance on prevention and control efforts such as infected spot handling , personal protection of those exposed , medical observation , epidemic detection , drink and diet , and environmental hygiene management .
municipal and district health authorities did headcount registration first on close contacts who were exposed to or handled ill or dead poultry and those who bred the poultry , and then on general contacts who were involved in compulsory killing and immunity . specific staff was designated to take their temperatures daily , carry out medical observation and health follow-up .
as of 24:00 on july 19 , no abnormalities had been found among subjects of medical observation and health follow-up at infected spots .
in accordance with the management principles in the technical guide to the prevention and control of avian influenza epidemic in humans from the ministry of health , local health authorities decided to lift the medical observation on all of the 131 general contacts that took part in the compulsory killing and immunity .
earlier than that , 37 close contacts that were exposed to or handled ill or dead poultry and those who bred the poultry were released from medical observation on july 10 .
all people at infected spots who were under medical observation have been released from medical observation till then .
the correspondent is informed that anhui at present continued to organize related medical providers to monitor patients with flu-like symptoms and patients with fever from unknown reasons in the infected area , adopting systems of direct report through a monitor network and daily level-by-level report . there have been no reports of abnormal cases in the infected area so far .
( foreign affairs ) wen jiabao meets namibian president
beijing , july 21 , xinhua ( reporter liu dongkai ) premier of the state council , wen jiabao , met with namibian president nujoma on the 21st , at ziguangge in zhongnanhai .
wen jiabao hailed sino-namibian relations , reiterating that china attaches great importance to developing sino-namibian relations and expressing the willingness to work together with namibia to continuously consolidate and develop the traditional friendship between the two countries .
speaking of the two countries ' economic and trade relations , wen jiabao said china and namibia have conducted sound economic cooperation over the years .
the cooperation has benefited the people of both countries .
china is willing to continuously encourage chinese enterprises to invest in namibia and strengthen cooperation with namibia in areas such as mining , agriculture and fishery .
namibia is hoped to create favorable conditions for their development in namibia .
regarding relations between china and africa , wen jiabao stressed that the western colonial rule is the primary root that africa is still impoverished and underdeveloped till today .
turbulent political and economic situations in some african countries have further restricted the development of africa after the cold war .
the only way for africa to develop is to follow the route of unity and self-reliance .
china supports the african union to play a greater role in realizing africa 's peace and stability and in promoting integration , and is willing to strengthen cooperation with the executive committee of the " new partnership for africa 's development " and conduct mutually beneficial cooperation with africa through the " china-african cooperation forum . "
nujoma said the namibian government attaches great importance to its relations with china .
the purposes of my visit are , to consolidate friendship and expand cooperation for one thing , and to learn from china 's experience in economic development for the other .
namibian government and people are very grateful for the precious help that china has offered for many years and are willing to further expand friendly and mutually beneficial cooperation with china in all fields .
nujoma spoke highly of china 's constructive role in the today 's international affairs .
he said south-south cooperation is of greater importance under the current circumstances and he believes china will consistently support the african union 's efforts to promote the peace and development in africa .
minister of commerce bo xilai was present at the meeting .
( international ) poland and bulgaria that have troops in iraq are threatened with attacks
baghdad , july 21 ( xinhua ) a militant group claiming to be the european branch of al-qaeda threatened through the internet on the 21st that the group would attack bulgaria and poland if they did n't withdraw troops from iraq .
the group signed as the " islamic tawhid group . "
it said in the statement that the group requested bulgaria and poland that were allied with the united states to withdraw their troops from iraq , otherwise bulgaria and poland would " pay the price " just like the us and spain .
this referred to the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on the us and a string of blasts on passenger trains in madrid on march 11 this year .
the statement was published on an islamic website , which serves as the information clearinghouse for " al-qaeda " group and other groups associated with the terrorist network .
the identity of the group and the authenticity of the statement are yet to be confirmed .
as the philippines 's humanitarian contingent in iraq all pulled out from iraq on the 19th , there are now five countries in the multinational forces in iraq that have successively withdrawn their troops entirely from iraq , which are spain , honduras , nicaragua , dominican republic and the philippines .
counties including norway , thailand and new zealand also prepare to compete the withdrawal plan in september .
counties including the netherlands and portugal said successively that they would withdraw troops from iraq at the end of this year or early next year .
as public security in iraq is worrying , especially the recent series of hostage taking and killing targeted at foreigners , military presence for some countries have been shrinking .
among them , singaporean military personnel in iraq have been reduced to 33 from 191 , and moldovan troops in iraq have dwindled to 12 from 42 .
poland 's defense ministry said last week that poland would cut its troops in iraq to between 1,000 and 1,500 from 2,400 by january next year .
( international ) us house appropriations committee decided to cut space exploration budget
washington , july 21 ( xinhua ) in order to contain the ballooning fiscal deficit , the appropriations committee at the us house of representatives on the 21st decided to cut some space exploration projects , deducting 1.1-billion us dollars out of the 16.2-billion us dollars space exploration budget proposed by the bush administration for fiscal year 2005 .
this decision was made after the committee reviewed the science , environmental and veteran budgets for the next fiscal year .
meanwhile , the committee decided to appropriate additional six-million us dollars to the national cemetery administration that runs government-owned burial place due to the increased number of us soldiers killed in the iraq war , boosting its fund to 149-million us dollars .
the appropriations committee 's decision reduced the grant requested by bush for the space agency to 15.1-billion us dollars , which is over 250-million us dollars less than the budget for the fiscal year 2004 .
the affected programs include project prometheus , the budget of which was cut by 230-million us dollars .
this project plans to develop a nuclear-powered propulsion system that would theoretically make it possible for humans to reach mars within two months while it takes six months for traditional chemical-fueled boosters to get there .
the budgets for " crew exploration vehicle " project , which researches on the next generation spacecraft , and international space station were cut respectively by 438-million us dollars and 120-million us dollars .
influenced by factors such as the iraq war and economic slowdown , the us fiscal deficit is estimated at up to 400-billion us dollars this year .
the congressional budget office estimated the us expenditures in iraq will reach 55 billion to 60-billion us dollars in fiscal year 2005 if the intensity of military operations of us troops in iraq remains at its current level .
( newspaper clippings ) shenzhen natural gas project will start soon
beijing , july 21 ( xinhua ) the first natural gas pipeline construction project in shenzhen is about to start in october with 18.4 km pipeline to be laid in the first phase . this indicates the china 's largest natural gas utilization project enters into the substantial construction phase .
according to the report of yangcheng evening news , shenzhen city will invest 1.9-billion yuan in the construction of natural gas pipeline network .
natural gas will flow into pressure regulation stations in luohu , nanshan , and futian districts via a high pressure pipeline network separately for supply to city residents .
natural gas will be available for local households to use from 2006 to 2010 in succession .
shenzhen 's natural gas pipeline work is part of guangdong liquefied natural gas pilot project , and is china 's first imported lng project . in december 1999 , the state government approved the initiation of guangdong lng pilot project , which has lifted the curtain for landing of natural gas on pearl river delta since then .
gaseous natural gas originated in australia is processed by australia into liquefied natural gas and then shipped to the dock and terminal in chengtoujiao , dapeng , shenzhen by means of marine transportation ships for unloading , storage and gasifying later .
gasified natural gas will be transported to five cities , shenzhen , dongguan , guangzhou , foshan , and hong kong , and five power plants , huizhou , qianwan , zhujiang , meishi , and dongbu , through 200-odd kilometers gas mains ( phase 1 ) .
in the lng layout of guangdong province , shenzhen is in a hub position .
according to relevant agreements , guangdong will purchase 3.7-million-ton liquefied natural gas from australia every year after the completion of the project 's first phase , which will be supplied to various guangdong areas and hong kong via shenzhen . sequentially , shenzhen jumps to be the largest lng transshipment base in china .
currently , the gas utility price of shenzhen city is around 11.7 yuan per cubic meter .
after natural gas is in service , its price is estimated to be 15-25 percent lower than that of today 's liquefied petroleum gas .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) taiwan to ban kindergartens that provide english-only instructions
taipei , july 24 , xinhua ( reporters wei tiemin and chen jianxing ) taiwan education authority recently said all kindergartens that provide english-only instructions will be banned from august , and kindergartens are prohibited from engaging full-time foreign teachers .
this has drawn both praises and complaints from child educators and parents in the community .
regulators say taiwan 's kindergartens should not , in principle , provide full-time english or bilingual education for the whole day , create separate english lessons , or engage full-time foreign language teachers to teach english . serious violators will be suspended from admission .
but kindergartens could still use " integrated " teaching , integrating some english as needed by the teaching in lessons such as games and activities .
the responses over this measure are mixed among all circles of the taiwan public .
some providers say that instruction with english is a global trend and english is an essential language for future kids . banning rashly will undermine children 's competitiveness for the future .
while some child education experts say pre-school children aged zero to six are not suitable for learning a foreign language , which may elbow out the mother-tongue study .
growing up in an english environment throughout the day will seriously impact children 's personality development for the future .
taiwan now has nearly 3,000 public and private child care providers .
according to taiwan 's existing curriculum standards , no public kindergartens are allowed to teach english , but it is estimated that up to 2,000 plus private kindergartens and child care centers mostly publicize their admissions by touting " bilingual instruction " or " english-only instruction . "
scholars said the reason that english kindergartens boomed in taiwan was primarily because the market was helped by taiwan parents ' fear that their children may lose at the starting line .
it is said kindergartens in taiwan that claim to provide english-only instructions charge pretty high tuition , which could be up to nt 500,000 dollars ( or about rmb 125,000 yuan ) annually for one child .
( international ) poll : us image in arab world keeps deteriorating
washington , july 23 ( xinhua ) the latest poll released on the 23rd by the washington headquartered arab-american institute showed that the us image in the arab world has kept deteriorating over the past two years due to the aggressive foreign policy adopted by the us government in middle east region .
the result of the poll the institute conducted in june this year with 3,300 people from egypt , jordan , lebanon , morocco , saudi arabia and the united arab emirates indicated that compared with a similar poll result in 2002 , arabs with a positive attitude towards the united states have decreased steeply .
in morocco , the percentage of people with a positive feeling of the united states dived from 38 percent in 2002 to 11 percent in this year ; in saudi arabia , jordan and lebanon , this percentage decreased respectively from 12% , 34% and 26% to 4% , 15% and 20% .
at present , there are only 2 percent egyptians that have a moderate us impression , while this percentage was 15 percent in 2002 .
the only exception is the united arab emirates . the percentage of the people with a positive feeling of the united states in this gulf country increased from 11 percent in 2002 to 14 percent now .
the poll result indicated that arab people disliked the us policies on iraq war , anti-terrorism and the israel-palestine conflict most . in comparison , us science and technology , recreation and education attracted higher identification rate .
james zogby , director of the arab-american institute said " the reason that arabs hate us is because our policy is over stupid . "
analysts believe that the result of this poll testified the conclusion in an independent " 9.11 " inquiry report the united states released on the 23rd : support for the united states from arab countries is diminishing .
( international ) epitaph on moscow 's tomb of unknown soldier will change to " stalingrad "
moscow , july 24 ( xinhua ) according to reports by the media here on the 24th , russian president putin signed a decree the other day , demanding to replace the word " volgograd " with " stalingrad " in the epitaph inscribed on a memorial next to moscow 's tomb of the unknown soldier .
the decree said , the decision was made on the eve of 60th anniversary of victory in the great patriotic war to focus people 's attention on the significance of the battle of stalingrad ( now known as volgograd ) , to pay respect to the heroism that the participants in the battle of stalingrad demonstrated , and to preserve the original appearance of the russian national history .
putin obliged moscow municipal government to coordinate with russian federal bodyguards services for completing this memorial epitaph replacing project within three months .
volgograd is one of the oldest cities along russia 's volga river basin . it was called tsaritsyn until 1925 and renamed to stalingrad afterwards .
after coming into power , khrushchev changed the name of the city to volgograd in 1961 .
the battle of stalingrad was a decisive campaign in the patriotic war .
in july 1942 , german army launched attack on stalingrad by gathering over one-million troops in order to capture this city of great strategic importance .
in mid september , german army invaded into the urban area , and soviet army and civilian carried out a heated street-to-street battle with german army .
in november , soviet army started to counterattack and besieged 300,000 german troops tightly .
after fierce fighting , the encircled german army declared surrender in february 1943 and the battle of stalingrad that lasted up to half a year ended in victory .
the victory of the stalingrad battle was also an important turning point in world war ii , playing an important role in the triumph of the soviet people in the great patriotic war and the final victory of worldwide anti-fascism struggles , and carrying great and far-reaching historical significance .
guizhou caohai tours play the card of " cool and refreshment "
guiyang , july 25 , xinhua ( reporter li zhongjiang ) while most cities in china are scorched in the burning sun , guizhou caohai national natural reserve is attracting guests from all around with its unique cool and refreshing plateau climate .
the correspondent learned from the caohai reserve office that since the beginning of summer , caohai has received more than ten tourist groups from within or outside the province , most from neighboring provinces or cities such as yunnan , chongqing and sichuan .
located in the heartland of wumeng mountains , west guizhou , caohai is a natural freshwater lake that covers an area of 27.5 square kilometers .
caohai is in the area controlled by the subtropical monsoon . caohai basin has high elevation and low latitude with an average yearly temperature of 11.6 degrees celsius and an average yearly sunshine of 1,801 hours . it has become a " paradise for migratory birds " and an ideal summer resort for its mild winter and cool summer , combined with many advantages such as abundant water flow , fertile land , densely-knitted swamps , and rich biological resources .
in the past , tourists preferred to travel to caohai in winter , because in that season one could see the elegant black neck cranes and other birds in caohai .
now , in a summer without the black neck cranes , people also keep streaming in .
" caohai is very cool in summer . it 's a summer resort , " said a tourist named lurong .
lurong is a teacher from kunming in yunnan , where the strong ultraviolet radiation made her " escape " the " spring city " and enjoyed more than a week of cool vacation in caohai .
gaoxi , who is from guizhou university , travel to other provinces during summer vacations every year , while he chose the caohai tour within the province this year .
" the whole country is suffering hot weather at the moment . it 's not necessary to ' endure hardships ' outside the province , " he said .
the bijie region in guizhou has integrated cool summer climate , beautiful scenery and unique ethnic customs of the wumeng mountainous area , doing its best to create premium tourist routes .
tourism authorities in guizhou province also organized tourism promotion events jointly with provinces and cities such as guangdong and chongqing to introduce caohai to domestic and overseas tourists .
major hazardous chemical explosions occur at hangzhou city loop highway
hangzhou , july 25 , xinhua ( fang lie and wang liang ) on the night of july 24 , a wagon transporting hazardous chemicals on the hangzhou city loop highway ran off the road due to a traffic accident , creating continuous explosions that injured one person seriously and three others slightly .
the fire was not completely out until the early hours of the 25th .
following the accident , the hangzhou 119 commanding center immediately sent nine fire engines , including antichemical , cleaning and removal , as well as water and foam tankers to the scene to deal with the situation , and the traffic police , environmental protection and road management departments also arrived at the scene one after another .
the gouzhuang section of the city loop highway was completely sealed off .
the first group of firefighters arrived at the scene at 10:00pm , but the intensive radiation created by the explosions kept the firefighters off . while fully armed firefighters pounced on the fire with foam canons and foam guns , they asked their fellowmen to spray water on their bodies using fog nozzles to cool down , so that they could move step by step closer to the fire .
while the firefighters were trying to put out the fire , three huge explosions occurred successively at the scene .
at around 10:12pm , other firefighting forces arrived one after another and more than ten antichemical firefighting soldiers immersed themselves into action .
the firefighters later also covered up the iron barrels that were on fire with yellow sands .
the fire was completely put out by the early hours of the 25th .
the emergency workers transferred the remaining hazardous chemicals away at 6:00am .
at present , the traffic police department is investigating the cause of the accident .
drought drags on in fujian
fuzhou , july 25 , xinhua ( reporter wu yilong ) with no rainfall after a long draught and the hydropower not able to exert full capacity , fujian has become one of the three provinces in the country that are short of electricity most .
increasingly serious power shortage has cast a shadow on fujian 's steadily growing economy , but citizens ' daily life is little affected so far .
in the first half of this year , rainfall in fujian was 34 percent less than the same period in a normal year and 13 percent less than the same period last year .
rainfall in june is 70 percent less than the same period in an average year .
given the continuity of the draught , the current draught in fujian is actually worse than last year 's continuous draught throughout summer , autumn and winter that were unlikely to happen in a century .
at present , pondages in large and medium sized reservoirs are respectively 46 percent and 41 percent of an average year , decreasing significantly than the same period last year . 148 reservoirs dried up , 470,000 people have a difficult time drinking water , and 2.5-million mu of agricultural and cash crops are hit by the draught .
in fujian , where installed capacity of hydropower holds up " half of the region " , the greater impact of draught is power shortage .
as a result of the draught and water shortage , the hydropower across the province only ran at a quarter of its capacity in the first half of this year , and the power output dropped 40 percent .
the number of days of power restriction has reached 79 days , with an accumulated power restriction of 0.91-billion kilowatts .
according to the estimate by the provincial economic and trade commission , if the incoming water does not increase in the second half year , the whole province will experience a power shortage of 5.9 billion kilowatt hours .
the government has begun to step up power dispatch , explore the power supply capacity of the electric network , and ensure thermal power generation , while giving grants to enterprises that purchase electric generators and generate electricity by themselves .
in addition , related parties also take various energy-saving measures and popularize energy-saving technologies and equipment . highly consumptive enterprises are required to complete technological reconstruction within a limited time , stop operation for rectification , or restrict the use of electricity .
lu zhangong , acting party secretary and governor of fujian province , criticized some officials for wasting , as they turned on air conditioners in the office while keeping the doors and windows open .
however , the government 's " power restriction " measures are primarily targeted at the industrial sector , and the premise of power restriction is always guaranteeing the residents ' daily power use .
for fujian people 's daily life , the nightmare of frequent blackout that haunted the early 1990s will not repeat .
( sports ) us cyclist armstrong won sixth consecutive tour de france victory
paris , july 25 , xinhua ( reporter gao jinying ) the 91st tour de france rang down the curtain in paris on the 25th . us cyclist armstrong won the sixth championship since 1999 , becoming the first " six-time winner " in the centennial history of the tour de france .
today happened to be a sunday . the whole paris city turned out for watching the tour de france ; the champs elysees avenue was surrounded tightly by the people watching the tour , creating a splendid scene that rarely occured in the recent years .
viewed from the shinning sun , cyclists riding colorful bikes with colorful helmets were making their final sprint in the spectators ' cheers like rosy clouds floating in the champs elysees avenue .
although armstrong , who was riding a golden " horse " with a golden helmet , had n't squeezed into the first group in the final stage , it had little impact on his winning of the total score championship in the prolonged 3391-kilometer journey .
german cyclist kloden and italian cyclist basso were ranked behind armstrong , claiming the second and the third places of the total score .
belgian cyclist boonen won the championship of the 20th stage from montereau to paris in tour de france . he yelled excitedly with two arms thrown in the air after sprinted cross the finish line all out in the spectators ' tidelike cheers .
after stepping down from the podium , armstrong who still immersed himself in the joy of victory said he hoped to come back next year and strive for the seventh consecutive championship in tour de france .
" for cycling , for my team and sponsor , the tour de france is the most beautiful race in the world . it 's hard to image what if i miss this race , " he said .
however , armstrong also said he could not 100 percent guarantee now whether to participate in the tour next year and would " wait and see " .
( international ) syrian president said the country will work to control security at syrian-iraqi border
cairo , july 27 , xinhua ( reporters xin jianqiang and liu yunfei ) syrian president bashar paid a brief visit to egypt on the 27th .
he stressed in a meeting with egyptian president mubarak that syria would work to control the security at its border with iraq .
after the meeting between the presidents of the two countries , egyptian presidential spokesman abdel-fattah told the media by quoting bashar that syria does n't want to see any destabilizing factors in the relations between syria and iraq , syria has always supported the territorial integrity of iraq , and iraq 's national unification , security and stability are in the interest of syria .
he said it 's very important at present to strengthen cooperation with iraq , so as to create appropriate conditions for foreign troops to pull out of iraq as soon as possible .
he also stressed syria 's support for the preparations that the interim iraqi government has made for the general election early next year .
abdel-fattah said mubarak and bashar also discussed issues on palestine in the talks .
the two parties agreed that the arab world should work together to promote unity within palestine and restore its internal stability .
only under this premise , can palestine fulfill its obligations according to the middle east " roadmap " peace plan and resume the middle east peace process .
the two parties also underlined that israel must implement the decision made by the un general assembly on the separation barriers .
in answering a question raised by reporters on the egyptian-syrian relations , abdel-fattah said despite the discord between egypt and syria at the tunisian arab league summit in may , relations between the two countries did n't cool down .
( international ) us scientists found aloe juice can be a temporary alternative to blood
washington , july 27 , xinhua ( reporter qu junya ) us scientists recently found aloe extract can be a temporary alternative to blood for those casualties who have experienced massive blood loss but can not get immediate blood transfusion , and injecting them with aloe extract can help preserve the normal function of the body organs .
scientists at the university of pittsburgh tested the effects of the aloe extract on rats .
they first divided 20 laboratory rats into two groups , drawing a certain amount of blood from each .
scientists then injected one group of rats with aloe extract and injected the other group of rats with normal saline .
results suggested that only five rats injected with normal saline survived , while eight rats injected with aloe extract survived .
in a further research , scientists drained more blood from the laboratory rats , followed by the same comparative experiment .
it turned out that five of 15 rats injected with aloe extract survived for two hours , while only one of 14 rats injected with normal saline survived for two hours .
in addition , seven laboratory rats receiving no treatment all died within 35 minutes .
scientists explained that aloe extract , rich in a type of polysaccharide , is very easy to mix with plasma and helps the oxygen molecules carried in the red blood cells better diffuse to tissues , thus playing the role of a temporary alternative to blood .
director of the research , professor mitchell fink , believes that this discovery is of great significance to applications such as rescuing casualties in a war .
( sports ) final warm-up for olympics , chinese gymnastics team leaves for france
beijing , july 28 , xinhua ( reporters li li and pan yi ) in order to adapt the team members to conditions in europe as soon as possible , a 32-member group of the national gymnastic team left beijing on the 28th for the small french town of orleans to conduct final drill and warm-up ahead of the olympics and then from there directly travel to the games venue in athens .
according to head coach of the gymnastics team huang yubin , both france and athens are european countries , and they have pretty close conditions in terms of the climate and food .
going to france for an early training could leave sufficient time for the gymnasts to adapt themselves and help them adjust the time difference , so that they can embrace the olympics in a better state .
the pre-olympics drill of the chinese gymnastics team this time is greatly supported by the french gymnastics federation .
the training site at orleans purchased standard olympics apparatus and equipment specially for the chinese gymnastics team .
the gymnastics team is headed by gao jian , director of the state sports general administration 's gymnastics center , and include coaches , medical staff and interpreters , in addition to the nine male and nine female members already announced .
the gymnastics team 's training in france will last until august 6 , when the olympic lineup of six males and six females will be decided , who will then travel to athens headed by gao jian .
but the six gymnasts who fail the selection will stand by in place until august 10 ( four days ahead of the games ) when the six-people list is formally submitted . if there are no more changes , they will return to china headed by team leader ye zhennan .
if there 's a last-minute change of gymnasts due to unforeseen situations , the six team members in france can travel to athens anytime to reinforce .
there are more strict rules on change of gymnasts for this year 's olympics . the original rules allowed substitutions anytime until 24 hours ahead of the games , while this year no team is allowed to change its participants list after the orientation meeting called by the international gymnastics federation for the coaches and leaders of each team , which will be four days prior to the games .
wuhan 's first urban light rail in operation
wuhan , july 28 , xinhua ( reporter xiong jinchao ) wuhan 's first light rail was put into test operation for sightseeing on the 28th , opening a brand new page in the urban transportation history of wuhan .
at 9:00am on the 28th , the first light rail train departed from hankou zongguan station and traveled through the commercial powerhouse town hankou along jiefang dadao and jinghan dadao .
the correspondent saw that all the ten stops along the way are crowded with sightseeing citizens .
it is said that wuhan 's first track transportation line , which began construction at the end of 2000 , has a total length of 10.234 kilometers . as the first phase project of wuhan 's track transportation line 1 , it has 48 compartments in 12 trains , with a designed one-way transportation capacity of 11,400 people per hour initially .
its modern communications system and signal control system are the most advanced so far within the country .
the arc-shaped light rail with a total investment of 2.199-billion yuan is built along an obsolete railway . as the whole line is elevated , you may have a panoramic view of the booming ancient town of hankou on the train .
a staff member told the correspondent that more than 10,000 tickets for the first day of operation have all been scrambled by the citizens a few days ago .
it is learned that track transportation is an indispensable part in the development of modern urban transportation .
the long-term track transportation network planned in wuhan consists of seven lines , with a total length of about 220 kilometers . it has three lines traversing the yangtze river and three passages traversing the han river .
the optimized options for the short-term construction plan have selected track transportation line 1 , the first phase of line 2 , and the first phase of line 4 to create a backbone network of " two east-west lines and one north-south line " with a total length of about 70 kilometers and total investment of some 26-billion yuan , scheduled to start in 2005 and complete in 2010 .
when the urban track transportation network in wuhan is fully completed , it will link up the three railway hubs of wuhan , wuchang and hankou stations , which will help boost wuhan as a regional transportation hub .
china rules that individuals can take no more than two erhu abroad
beijing , july 28 , xinhua ( reporters min jie and du bin ) china 's administrative office on the import and export of endangered species issued the notice on the procedural adjustment of import and export of endangered species a few days ago , which provided that each individual could take no more than two erhu out of the country each time .
it is learned that the restriction on erhu export by individuals has been tightened , mainly because the cover of erhu 's sound box is made from boa skin .
an official at china 's administrative office on the import and export of endangered species said boas are wild animals under first class state protection and also regulated internationally when involved in international trade .
since 1996 , china has restricted the number of erhu that individuals could take abroad to five .
in the recent years , as international cultural exchanges are strengthened , chinese musical instruments , especially erhu are extremely popular overseas .
some foreigners take the chance of traveling and studying in china , or ask their relatives or friends to take china 's erhu abroad in the name of personal use .
however , as the price difference is quite large , many people exploit the loophole of individual carrying and take the opportunity to trade illegally .
it is said that china has been earmarking erhu that use boa skin since may 1 , 2004 . as of december 31 , 2004 , all erhu produced or on sale that use boa skin must carry the sign of " the special label for dealing in , using and managing chinese wildlife " .
it is said that major chinese manufacturers currently exporting musical instruments overseas include beijing folk musical instrument factory , shanghai no . 1 folk musical instrument factory and suzhou folk musical instrument factory , who are able to meet the market demand .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong celebrity cha chi-ming hails the brilliant achievements of deng xiaoping
hong kong , july 29 , xinhua " in china , generations of chinese people dreamed of having a strong country and wealthy people .
through deng xiaoping 's reform and opening-up drive , chinese have become well-off . only a strong country can materialize ' one country , two systems ' and take hong kong back . "
hong kong celebrity cha chi-ming said emotively , in recalling the brilliant achievements deng xiaoping made during his life .
cha chi-ming said in an exclusive interview with reporters from ta kung pao a few days ago that he was deeply convinced early on that reform and opening-up would definitely be successful , only that it was faster than he had imagined .
cha chi-ming has been a loyal champion of deng xiaoping 's reform and opening-up road .
for years , he invested several hundred-million yuan to acquire the changzhou cotton factory and the hangzhou cotton factory that were on the verge of bankruptcy , transforming the debt-ridden enterprises into profitable ones . he also established the " qiushi scientific and technological foundation " to award scientific staff in the mainland and show support for " revitalizing the nation through science and technology . "
earlier than the start of the sino-british talks , the central government in early 1983 separately invited about ten hong kong celebrities to beijing , who were met by deng xiaoping , and listened to their comments on resolving the hong kong issue .
cha chi-ming , president of hong kong 's cha group , was one of them .
cha chi-ming believes that at the current stage , for the country to further advance the excellent situation of reform and opening-up pioneered by mr . deng , the key is not money or goods , but the spiritual , cultural , and ethical progress .
" a nation or a society has no future and no hope if it 's solely money-oriented , " he said .
cha chi-ming said the rule of law is certainly crucial , but ethical culture is even more important than laws .
the laws are here to rectify when there 's a problem with the ethical culture .
" at present in the mainland , there are ' antiques ' , ' imported things ' , and old stuff left over by ' the cultural revolution ' all mixed in the ethical culture and personality education .
in today 's china , a strong country with wealthy people , a big issue that must be resolved is what should be the norm for the ethical progress and personality education . otherwise the reform and opening-up cause will be affected . "
( international ) cultural heritage trafficking a serious problem in cambodia
beijing , july 30 ( xinhua ) in recent years , antiques theft and trafficking are rampant in the cambodian capital phnom penh and other places .
at a market in phnom penh , two strings of ancient beads are sold at one dollar , while 15 dollars secures a 3,500-year-old stone tool .
among the cultural heritage being looted and illegally traded , there are also ceramic pots and bronze bracelets , as well as priceless statuary .
archaeologists said cultural relics selling had brought irretrievable losses to cambodia .
kyle latinis , an american archaeologist specializing in southeast asia , said finding a giant statue of buddha or a precious artifact is certainly important to most archaeologists , but they are more interested in the overall value and the historical context of the culture heritage .
the value of ancient beads and some other artifacts must be studied and assessed while they are still in the ground .
it is reported that cambodian farmers dig cultural relics across the country due to poverty .
they sell the uncovered artifacts to middlemen , who then quickly take the artifacts to local markets for sale , and some artifacts are traded to international black market of cultural heritage .
etienne clement , the director of unesco office in cambodia , said the problem of massive looting and trafficking of underground heritages started about five years ago , when the cambodian government successfully cracked down on illicit trafficking of stone statuary from famous temples , so heritage traffickers have began to smuggle " less spectacular ordinary antiquities . "
an official at the cambodian government 's cultural authority said many problems have emerged in cambodia 's cultural heritage protection , and the government will intensify education on farms about laws related to cultural heritage protection .
o'reilly , the director of an independent watchdog working to protect the cultural heritage buried in cambodia , believes that apart from educating farmers about the importance of cultural heritage , local heritage museums should also be established so the relics can deliver long-term economic benefits .
( sports ) the airport stations of athens suburban railway and metro line 3 delivered simultaneously
athens , july 30 , xinhua ( reporters gong bing and gao peng ) the athens airport stations of the athens suburban railway and an extension of the metro line 3 , which are part of the olympics transport project , were turned in for use simultaneously on the 30th .
this will significantly shorten the distance from athens 's northeastern suburb to the city center .
transport and communications minister liapis attended the inaugural ceremony .
he hailed the delivery of the suburban railway and the extension of metro line 3 " is a remarkable feat , even if at the last minute . "
the airport stations of the suburban railway and metro line 3 began operation after the ceremony .
metro line 3 extension will be free of charge for the first two days of service , while the free service period of the suburban railway will be even longer , that is 11am-6pm on that day , the 31st , and 10am-6pm on august 1 , aimed at enabling more greeks to become acquainted with the suburban railway , though the free service section is limited between the larissis and the airport .
seven trains specially prepared for metro line 3 will " emerge " above the ground from the doukissis plakentias station that were launched on the 28th , and then arrive at the athens airport " via " the suburban railway line .
currently , by metro line 3 , it only takes 37 minutes to travel from the monastiraki square ( the other end of the line ) downtown to the airport , and only 15 minutes from the syntagma square , which is also in the city center , to doukissis plakentias .
in addition , the agios antonios station on the northern extension of metro line 2 will be put into operation on august 2 , which will greatly reduce the transportation pressure in the local peristeri region resulted from a dense population .
regarding the suburban railway , liapis said though many thought this would be a project " in like a lion , out like a lamb " , now that the project had completed , we finally got a result .
liapis believes the suburban railway , the metro as well as other new transports are all an integral part of athens 's public transportation , and they will contribute to alleviating the pressure on transportation during the olympics .
( newspaper clippings ) the vogue of touring abroad becomes popular in tibet
lhasa , august 1 ( xinhua ) with the economic development and opening-up in the tibet autonomous region , more and more foreigners have realized their dream of touring in tibet , while better-off tibetans are also beginning to travel abroad , according to a report by lhasa evening news .
jigme , director of the administrative office of the autonomous region 's tourism bureau , said starting from three years ago , when nearly 100 people in the region traveled abroad , last year there were over 300 people and there are already over 400 people so far this year , who have stepped out of the country for a overseas tour .
" compared with the 50,000 to 60,000 foreign tourists flocking to tibet each year , the number of outbound tourists from tibet seems nothing to speak of , but it indicates the vogue of touring abroad is becoming popular in tibet . "
jigme said tibet 's economy was relatively underdeveloped in the past and the transportation was inconvenient , so stepping out of the country was not easy .
seven years ago , there were only over 20 people in the whole region going abroad each year , and most of them went to nepal and india to visit relatives .
as tibet has been keeping double-digit growth in recent years , the average net per capita income of the 2.7-million people across the region reached 1,690 yuan . with improved living standard , more and more people are traveling abroad .
among them , there were even 18 farmers in the mountain south area who organized a tour by themselves to nepal in march this year .
wang peiwen , deputy director of the autonomous region 's tourism bureau , said current tours for tibetans are mainly the asian route including singapore , malaysia and thailand , and seven european countries . the duration of a tour is usually two weeks or so , and average fees per head are 6,000-7,000 yuan .
outbound tourists include people of different strata such as farmers and herdsmen , government officials and individual proprietors .
( international ) sudan sees un resolution on darfur issue as containing many negative elements
khartoum , august 1 , xinhua ( reporter shao jie ) sudan 's foreign minister ismail told a press conference on the 1st in khartoum that the sudanese government believed the there were many negative elements imbedded in the resolution approved a few days ago by the un security council on the situation of sudan 's darfur region .
ismail told the press conference held after a cabinet meeting on the same day that sudan believed the security council should not have passed the above resolution when the sudanese government was seeking to address the darfur issue and was cooperating fully with the international community for that purpose .
the resolution of the security council ignored the major cause leading to the darfur issue .
the emergence of the darfur issue should be attributable to the local insurgent militant groups , who must assume responsibilities for the humanitarian and security crisis there .
ismail said the 30-day deadline set by the security council resolution for the sudanese government to disarm the arab militias in darfur was " illogical and hard to perform " and inconsistent with an agreement on july 3 between the sudanese government and un secretary general annan , which gave the sudanese government 90 days to disarm the arab militias .
ismail also said that the security council resolution contained some positive elements as well . for example , it welcomed the agreement reached between the sudanese government and the un secretary general and called for the international community to provide assistance to darfur region .
the sudanese government would comply with its agreement with the un secretary general and submit a written report to the un security council , elaborating the sudanese government 's reservations over the security council resolution .
the un security council on july 30 approved resolution 1556 by 13 votes in favor with two abstentions , demanding the sudanese government to make good on its promise and disarm the arab militia groups in the country 's darfur region , or the international community will take further action on it including economic sanctions .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) archaeologist : there has been industry in hong kong in the spring-autumn and warring states era
guiyang , august 2 , xinhua ( reporters qin yazhou and huang yong ) " archaeological discoveries in recent years proved there has been industry in hong kong in the spring-autumn and warring states era . "
vice chairman of the hong kong archaeological society steven ng , who is attending the " yelang cultural forum " in guizhou 's liupanshui city , said in an interview with the reporter .
" there are three important pieces of evidence that prove industry in hong kong was quite developed even before the british rule over hong kong and can be traced back to the spring-autumn and warring states era , " steven ng said .
researches discovered hong kong was able to mass produce adornments made from quartz and crystals in the spring-autumn and warring states era and sold a major part to the mainland .
for example , archaeologists found a set of quartz rings in a spring-autumn and warring states tomb in southern hunan , and the quartz rings are identical to those made in hong kong at that time .
in tang dynasty , lime-burning kilns were located at practically every bay in hong kong , where most lime produced was sold to the mainland .
at that time , there were several relatively large cities in the pearl river delta and national shipbuilding centers in the coastal area . lime was widely used in building , agriculture and shipbuilding .
archaeologists also found in hong kong blue and white porcelain sites for middle and late ming to qing dynasties .
most of them emerged in the wanli era of ming dynasty and was associated with the central government 's lifting of a ban on maritime trade .
blue and white porcelain produced in hong kong were mainly sold to southeast asia .
" the archaeological discoveries also fully demonstrate that since the ancient time , the cultures of hong kong and the mainland have been sharing the same origin and inseparable with each other , " steven ng said .
( international ) indonesian troops shot dead several aceh rebels
jakarta , august 2 ( xinhua ) indonesian military announced on the 2nd that indonesian government troops shot dead 12 separatist militants in recent clashes with the separatists in aceh province , and one government soldier was killed in the clashes .
military spokesman lieutenant colonel asep sapari said an infantry officer was shot dead and a separatist militant was killed in the military clashes on july 31 between the government troops and the " free aceh movement " separatist militants in bireun district of aceh province .
sapari added government troops on august 1 also assaulted militants ? hideout in pidie district of aceh province , shooting dead six separatist militants , but one government soldier was wounded .
in the same district another three separatist militants were killed by the police and one captured alive .
in addition , sapari said government troops on the 1st also shot dead two separatist militants in two battles in the northern and eastern regions of aceh and captured one separatist militant in the province 's southwestern region .
meanwhile , a total of 14 separatist militants in different regions of western aceh also surrendered their weapons to the authority on august 1 .
following the failure of a brief ceasefire in may 2003 , the indonesia military staged a large-scale military operation in order to eliminate the " free aceh movement " .
figures from the indonesian military and police suggest some 2,200 separatist militants have been shot dead so far since the start of the operation .
free aceh movement was established in december 1976 .
the group requests the separation of aceh from indonesia and founding an independent islamic country .
( international ) who said polio eradication in sight within the year
geneva , august 3 , xinhua ( reporter cai shihao ) world health organization announced on the 3rd that with the formal resumption of poliomyelitis vaccination in children in northern nigeria 's kano state , it 's possible to eliminate globally by the end of the year the disease that seriously harms children 's health .
" it seems to us that it 's practicable to wipe out the disease within the target date , " said david heymann , head of the polio eradication program at who .
since nigeria 's kano state suspended vaccination against polio due to religious misunderstanding nearly a year ago , polio cases in nigeria had climbed up rapidly , accounting for 80 percent of the total cases in the world .
heymann said apart from nigeria , polio is now only found in afghanistan , egypt , india , pakistan and niger around the world , and these countries have achieved " very encouraging " results in the prevention of the disease .
at the world health assembly early this year , the six countries promised to realize the goal of eradicating polio within the year by massive immunization .
at the same time , heymann warned affected countries not to relax their vigilance .
he stressed while the transmission path of polio in the world can be cut within the year , but it takes 6 to 12 month from the time the last polio case emerges to who 's formal confirmation on the eradication of the disease .
in june this year , who was concerned that polio epidemic in nigeria would spread wantonly to central and western africa this fall .
350,000 polio cases were found across the world in 1988 .
this figure had dropped to 677 by 2003 .
( international ) former british guantanamo prisoner urges us to hand over abuse videos
london , august 3 , xinhua ( reporter ma zhihan ) a former british guantanamo prisoner , tarek dergoul , published a statement on the british newspaper evening standard through his lawyer on the 3rd , urging the us government to release at an early date the prisoners abuse videos taken by us soldiers at the guantanamo base .
dergoul 's lawyer louise christian told the press here on the same day that people knew there were indeed prisoners abuse videos taken at the us military base in guantanamo , because the head of the base had confirmed this .
the frightening details of dergoul 's tortures indicate the guantanamo base and us military-controlled abu ghraib prison in iraq are similar , in that incidents of prisoners abuse were all permitted by top commanders and aimed at forcing prisoners to make false statements in interrogations .
dergoul , 26 , was released and returned to britain with four other british prisoners in march this year .
he said upon being released that there was a special reaction force at the guantanamo base , and they often use digital videos to record the prisoners being tortured .
dergoul reiterated in the statement on the same day that during his detention , us military guards tortured him more than once , knocking him onto the ground and trampling him .
he even lost consciousness at one time after being knocked down by us military guards .
dergoul also described other details of how he was tortured by us soldiers , including : the us soldiers forced him to take naked pictures , sprayed peppers onto his face , and forced him to look at pornographic pictures .
the us military has been denying prisoner abuses at the guantanamo base .
the british foreign office said britain had negotiated with the us on videos taken by us soldiers at guantanamo and requested the us government to confirm whether related charges were true or not , but had yet to receive a response from the us .
( foreign affairs ) foreign ministry spokesman : chinese and japanese football fans expected to enjoy asian cup final with " very good behavior "
beijing , august 4 ( xinhua ) in answering a question from a reporter , foreign ministry spokesman kong quan said on the 4th that china does not agree with the extreme behaviors of a small fraction of fans in football matches , but also feels regrettable that some japanese media focused too much and played up on those few people 's behaviors and even connected them with politics .
china hopes the chinese and japanese football fans can enjoy a fantastic match on august 7 with very good behavior .
a reporter asked : it is reported that some chinese football fans had certain unfriendly behaviors towards the japanese football team during the asian cup . what are china 's comments on this ?
kong quan said the " 2004 asian cup " is an important international sports event hosted by china .
we are very happy to see that the chinese team and japanese team both made it to the final with outstanding performance , and we hope the chinese and japanese football fans can enjoy a fantastic match on august 7 with very good behavior .
he said that as far as we know , the four matches related to the japanese team were well-ordered on the whole both inside and outside the stadium and had a warm atmosphere .
it is widely known that extreme behaviors of few football fans were frequently seen at key international football matches . this is something against the spirits of sports and we do n't agree .
at the same time , it needs to be mentioned we 're regrettable that some japanese media focused too much and played up on those few people 's behaviors and even connected them with politics .
kong quan said china and japan have a long history of friendly exchanges .
we believe improving a wide range of exchanges including sports will help promote understanding and friendship between the two peoples .
( international ) 12 killed in clashes between iraqi police and armed militants
baghdad , august 4 , xinhua ( reporters li liangyong and nie xiaoyang ) fierce clashes erupted between the iraqi police and anti-us gunmen on the 4th in the northern iraqi city of mosul , leaving at least 12 dead and 26 wounded , most of whom were civilians .
the clashes began at around 1:00pm local time and the exact cause of the clashes was still unknown , local police sources said .
iraqi police exchanged fire furiously with armed militants in streets in the southern , central and northern part of the city , raiding each other with rifles and rocket-propelled grenades .
there were violent explosions during the clashes .
following the clashes , mosul city authority announced a city-wide curfew from 3:00pm on the 4th to the morning of the 5th .
earlier that day , armed militants attacked a house in the northern part of the city using rocket-propelled grenades .
a police station in the eastern part of the city was also raided .
also , local police said two iraqis were killed and two others wounded in a roadside bomb blast in the city at around 10:35am on that day .
a us patrol fleet happened to pass by when the bomb exploded , but there were no casualties in the us troops .
mosul city is located about 400km north of baghdad .
local iraqi police and national guards are frequently assaulted by armed militants with suicide car bombs .
on the 1st of this month , a christian church and a police station in the city were hit by car bombs that killed five people and wounded 65 others .
on june 24 , over 60 people were killed and over 200 wounded in a string of five car bomb blasts in the city .
( international ) finnish parliament speaker lipponen meets liu qi
helsinki , august 6 , xinhua ( reporter zhao changchun ) paavo lipponen , the finnish parliament speaker and chairman of the social democratic party on the 6th met here with the visiting guest liu qi , a member of the political bureau of the communist party of china central committee and secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , and held friendly talks with him .
speaker lipponen spoke highly of the rapid development of the relations between finland and china in various fields for recent years , and said that the chinese economy has made remarkable achievements in recent years and is playing an increasingly important role in the development of the world economy .
he said the preparations for beijing olympics have been solid and forward-looking , and the 2008 olympics in china will definitely be a success .
both sides highly praised the development of the bilateral relations between china and finland , and expressed their satisfaction with the sound development of relations between the chinese communist party and the finnish social democratic party .
liu qi expressed his gratitude to speaker lipponen for his efforts to promote the friendly relations between china and finland over the years , and briefed him on china 's domestic economic development and the preparations for the 2008 beijing olympics .
liu qi said china attaches great importance to relations with finland and is willing to coordinate its effort with finland , so that the two countries ' friendly cooperation can further expand in all fields .
liu qi held an informal discussion on the same day with officials from the finish ministry of trade and industry and the ministry of finance on encouraging the development of enterprises . he also gave a speech titled " new beijing , great olympics " at the confederation of finnish industry and employers .
liu qi met with nokia 's chairman and ceo jorma ollila in the afternoon .
on the same evening , liu qi met with , pekka korpinen , acting mayor of helsinki and attended a welcoming banquet .
liu qi arrived here on the 5th for a working visit at the invitation of the helsinki municipal government of finland .
( international ) un and sudan reached agreement on resolving darfur crisis
united nations , august 5 , xinhua ( reporter yang zhiwang ) un spokesperson cook announced at a news conference on the 5th that un special envoy for sudan issue pronk and sudanese foreign minister ismail agreed in khartoum late the 4th on issues including disarming the darfur arab militias .
cook said the agreement included detailed steps to be taken by the sudanese government within next 30 days on disarming the arab militias and other outlawed armed groups in darfur , improving security in the region , and alleviating the humanitarian crisis .
but the agreement still needs approval by the sudanese cabinet .
the un will not release the text of the agreement before that .
cook quoted pronk as saying that if the agreement was approved by the sudanese cabinet and was implemented , the un security council would be likely to conclude that the sudanese government 's efforts to address the darfur crisis was making substantial progress , so there was no need to consider further actions on sudan .
pronk traveled to sudan 's capital khartoum after the security council approved the resolution on darfur crisis on july 30 to hold talks with sudan over how to implement the resolution .
the security council resolution required the sudanese government to disarm the darfur arab militias , and arrest and try the leaders of the militia group , or it would take further actions on sudan including economic sanctions .
the resolution also required un secretary general annan to report every 30 days to the security council on sudan 's compliance with the resolution .
darfur is located in western sudan , bordering chad .
local black residents formed the " sudan liberation army " and the " justice and equality movement " in february last year to carry out armed anti-government activities , on the ground that the sudanese government failed to protect them from the attacks of arab militias , but their acts invited retaliation from the arab militias .
over 10,000 people have been killed and more than one-million displaced so far in the region 's clashes .
that 's why the united nations has listed darfur as the region suffering world 's current worst humanitarian crisis .
( sports ) the fifth china-yinchuan international motorcycle tourism festival opens
yinchuan , august 6 , xinhua ( reporters huang huiqing and zhang yan ) the fifth china-yinchuan international motorcycle tourism festival with the theme of " passion and dream " opened on august 6 in yinchuan , jingxia .
1,600 motorcyclists and fans from china and around the world took part in the pageant .
a grand opening ceremony was held this morning at ningxia stadium , on which riders from across the country rode one lap around the synthetic track one after another to demonstrate their charm .
riders from shandong , nanjing and other places presented a fantastic motorcycle stunt show .
following an islamic style art show , a spectacular city tour of one-thousand motorcycles attracted the eyeballs of throngs of yichuan citizens .
the biggest difference of this year 's motorcycle tourism festival from the past was that a special event base has been built , which is called the " x valley " .
on the basis of activities for the past years such as motorcycle stunt shows , related sports events , and the motor industry and products expos , there will be three large rock-and-roll shows dubbed " helanshan moutain - glorious path of chinese rock &amp; amp ; roll " , the " helanshan moutain houses artists complex " exhibition , and pictures and digital videos exhibitions from motorcycle fans .
as the " biggest show " of the motorcycle tourism festival , the motorcycle races will include events such as arena motocross , arena dirt race , motorscooter race , arena fun race , four-wheel motorcycle desert race , and autocross endurance race .
( fax from hometown of overseas chinese ) a " hongxian " receipt found in fujian shishi witnesses the smash of yuan shikai 's emperor dream
fuzhou , august 6 , xinhua ( wu yunlong ) cultural heritage staff at shishi museum in fujian province got a receipt of overdue tax payment the other day , which was issued in the " hongxian " year by the finance authority .
" the receipt witnessed the smash of yuan shikai 's emperor dream , " said li guohong , the director of the museum .
it is said the receipt was found when the museum staff was conducting a survey on cultural relics in shishi 's hanjiang county .
the receipt is verified to be a " receipt of overdue tax payment " for a family surnamed lin , who at that time reapplied for it after losing their land deed . the function of the receipt was equivalent to a land deed .
the receipt is a printed matter dated " august the fifth year of roc " , with the seal of the jinjiang prefecture magistrate at that time .
what is most particular is that a red seal that reads " republic of china " was put on top of the two characters of " hongxian " .
it is learned that the fifth year of roc was year 1916 .
yuan shikai proclaimed himself the emperor on december 12 , 1915 and changed the era name to " hongxian . "
the farce met opposition from people across the nation , and he was forced to abolish the monarchy 83 days after coming to the throne . it was march 22 , 1916 .
yuan died on june 6 , 1916 amid nationwide condemnation .
li guohong said yuan shikai 's proclamation as the emperor was a predesigned scheme , and a lot of preparations were done , including seals and document paper for use after he became the emperor .
the receipt should be a leftover from yuan shikai 's reign , and that 's why it is still dated with the sign " hongxian " . after the monarchy was smashed and the republic was reinstated , those receipts not used up could not be wasted , so the seal of " republic of china " was put on top of " hongxian " to show the difference .
( international ) sudan to give darfur local leaders more power
khartoum , august 7 , xinhua ( reporter shao jie ) sudanese foreign minister ismail said in the capital khartoum on the 7th that according to an agreement between the sudanese government and the united nations , local leaders in western sudan 's darfur region would be given more administrative and security powers , so that they could help the sudanese government realize local security and stability .
the agreement was reached in khartoum on the 4th between ismail and the un special envoy pronk .
before leaving khartoum for cairo to attend an arab foreign ministers meeting , ismail told a press conference on the 7th that according to the agreement called " the darfur plan of action " , sudan would address the darfur crisis from five aspects , namely politics , humanitarianism , security , voluntary return of refugees and effective role of the local leaders .
he said the texts of the agreement would be released after the agreement was approved by relevant departments of sudan and the un security council .
ismail reiterated sudan 's refusal of international peacekeeping forces in its land .
he said the sudanese government was working comprehensively with the african union on the darfur issue .
sudan needs the african union to play an effective role in resolving the darfur crisis , but sudan will not accept the deployment of troops there by the african union or any other countries and international organizations .
the mission of maintaining security would be better accomplished by sudan 's troops , who were capable of assuming this responsibility .
speaking of the upcoming arab foreign ministers meeting in cairo on the 8th , ismail said the meeting would focus on the darfur issue .
sudan hoped the arab countries would reach consensus at the meeting on how to help the sudanese government address the issue .
( international ) peripheral blood and umbilical cord blood hematopoietic stem cell transplantation successful for the first time in mexico
mexico city , august 7 , xinhua ( reporter ye shuhong ) the mexican national institute of pediatrics announced recently the peripheral blood and cord blood hematopoietic stem cell transplants they did on two patients with hematological diseases have been successful .
this is the first time in mexico 's history of medicine .
calderon , deputy director at the national center for blood transfusion in mexico , said at a press conference that the success of the operations would " open a window of life " for all mexican kids suffering septicemia and congenital immune system disorders , and the hematopoietic stem cells used for the operations were extracted from peripheral blood and cord blood solely using domestic technologies , which would cut the treatment costs by at least ten times .
calderon said the two kids that received the operations were one-year-old alejandra and ten-year-old francisco .
alejandra suffered from severe combined immunodeficiency . doctors extracted transplantable peripheral blood hematopoietic stem cells using his father 's blood , and transplanted them into the patient .
francisco , suffering from acute septicemia , had been treated with traditional medications , which was declared unsuccessful . his family then turned to the mexican national center for blood transfusion for help .
fortunately , francisco found a matched cord blood donor consistent with his white blood cells . doctors transplanted the abundant hematopoietic stem cells from the cord blood into the patient . there was no rejection after the operation , and the hematopoietic stem cells have started to reconstitute the bone marrow hematopoietic functions .
calderon noted that mexico imported most of its cord blood from the united states , while there were just 240 units in the umbilical cord blood bank of the national center for blood transfusion , and most of them could n't meet the standards for operations due to quality problems .
at the same time there were 120 new kids with leukemia every two years in mexico , and 20 new cases of severe combined immunodeficiency patients . the umbilical cord blood bank should at least stock 5,000 units to meet the demands of 80 percent of the patients .
thus he called for all obstetricians to persuade the parturient women and create an atmosphere of donating cord blood in society .
( international ) allawi demands supporters of sadr to lay down weapons
baghdad , august 8 , xinhua ( reporters li liangyong and nie xiaoyang ) allawi , prime minister of the interim iraqi government , made a surprise visit to iraqi central city najaf on the 8th , demanding the supporters of sadr , the shiite muslim leader of an anti-us faction , in the city to immediately lay down their weapons and leave the " holy city " of najaf .
allawi traveled to najaf on the morning of that day , accompanied by the iraqi interior minister falah al-naqib , the defense minister hazem al-shaalan and others .
" i hope local militants can lay down their weapons and comply with iraqi laws , " he said in a meeting with the najaf province governor adnan .
" they should leave the ' holy city ' of najaf . "
during his stay in najaf , allawi did n't meet sadr or sadr 's aids .
allawi said the interim government had no plan to arrest sadr .
but he said , " it 's not possible for the interim government to hold talks with sadr , unless supporters of sadr lay down their weapons . "
this came after allawi 's invitation to sadr on the 7th , hoping him to take part in the iraqi general election next year .
however , local militants refused to accept allawi 's offer .
shortly after allawi and his delegation arrived at adnan 's office , sadr 's private forces the " mahdi army " engaged in clashes with the us troops and the iraqi police one kilometer away , witnesses said .
us military helicopters hovered over the city , during which there were fierce gunfire and explosions .
us troops in iraq and supporters of sadr have been in continuous clashes since august 5 .
according to figures from the us troops in iraq and the najaf province governor , 300 to 400 local militants were killed in najaf on the 5-6th alone .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) archaeological communities in mainland and hong kong hoped to have more cooperation : vice chairman of the hong kong archaeological society
guiyang , august 9 , xinhua ( reporters qin yazhou and huang yong ) it 's hoped that archaeological communities in the mainland and hong kong could have more cooperation , so as to promote the development of hong kong 's archaeological studies , said steven ng , vice chairman of the hong kong archaeological society .
steven ng said that thanks to the help from archaeological community in the mainland and unprecedented recognition and support from the hong kong sar government , hong kong 's archaeological studies achieved fruitful and encouraging results in recently years .
the hong kong sar government contacted the mainland archaeological community for assistance with archaeological studies in hong kong . many universities , academic groups and research institutions competitive in archaeology have been invited , and they have all given cordial and generous help .
at the same time , the level of cooperation between hong kong and the mainland is increasingly higher .
after hong kong 's return to the motherland , the sar government organized several archaeological teams involving parties such as hong kong , the mainland , and britain between 1997 and 1998 to carry out comprehensive archaeological surveys in hong kong .
hong kong issued the environmental assessment ordinance in april 1998 , which provided all large infrastructures in hong kong must go through environmental assessment , including the protection and rescue of ancient buildings on the ground and cultural relics in the ground .
with the help of the mainland archaeological community , hong kong has successfully completed heritage exploration and excavation for quite a few infrastructures and made a series of achievements .
steven ng said both the mainland and hong kong have benefited greatly from their cooperation in the archaeological field , and hong kong 's archaeological studies have made rapid development within a short time .
it 's hoped that archaeological communities in the mainland and hong kong could have more cooperation and exchanges .
( international ) british scientists find acid rain can suppress global warming
beijing , august 9 ( xinhua ) acid rain is a product of industrial pollution , and falling acid rain means air pollution and environmental deterioration .
but latest research by british scientists discovered the impacts of acid rain on the environment are not all negative , in that it can block global warming caused by the greenhouse effect to some extent .
according to a recent report from the website of the british new scientist magazine , a research team led by vincent gauci from the open university found through computer-modeling research that sulfides contained in the acid rain could suppress the greenhouse effect by effectively curbing the process of methane emissions from wetlands .
methane is one of the leading causes responsible for the earth 's greenhouse effect .
microorganisms that live in wetlands are " mass producers " of methane , and these microorganisms live off the chemicals in the soil layers of wetlands .
there are also " sulfate-eating bacteria " in the wetlands , which thrive on sulfides contained in the acid rain , compete with the microorganisms for nutrients , and suppress their growth and activities , thus reducing the methane emissions .
experiments show that sulfate depositions in a small area of wetland can reduce methane emissions by 30 percent .
in order to simulate the impact of sulfides in the air on the earth 's wetlands , the research team led by gauci created a computer research model at nasa goddard space flight center in the us .
the researchers evaluated the interactions of sulfides and wetland methane between 1960 and 2080 .
the researchers found sulfides has been curbing methane emissions as early as 1960 , and this effect is continuing .
researchers estimated through model experiments that the sulfides now contained in the acid rain could reduce methane emissions from wetlands by 8 percent .
the figure will be 15 percent by 2030 .
jiangxi will hold the " 2004 red tour of ten thousand kilometers across china " event
nanchang , august 9 , xinhua ( reporter feng li ) an event , " 2004 red tour of ten thousand kilometers across china " , aimed at celebrating the 55th anniversary of the founding of new china , commemorating the 70th anniversary of the red army 's long march , and marking deng xiaoping 's 100th birthday will launch in mid september in jiangxi .
the motorcade taking part in the event will follow the route of the long march to travel a distance of 30,000 chinese miles in nearly two months via 16 provinces ( cities and autonomous regions ) , bringing the trend of red tourism from jiangxi to more than half of china .
the correspondent got the information from a news conference held by jiangxi provincial tourism bureau on the 9th that the event was proposed by jiangxi provincial tourism bureau and organized by the people 's governments of jinggangshan and ruijin cities .
relevant departments will organize a motorcade dubbed the " red tour of ten thousand kilometers " , which will set out from jiangxi 's ruijin at the 70th anniversary of the red army 's long march in mid september this year and arrive at bose in guangxi at deng xiaoping 's 100th birthday , via world renowned shrines of the revolution such as zunyi , yan'an and xibaipo , as well as guangdong 's gaozhou , shanghai and zhejiang 's jiaxing .
they will finally meet in jinggangshan on october 27 at the 77th anniversary of the founding of the jinggangshan revolutionary base , which will seamlessly integrate the history and the real world , help popularize and develop the great trend of red tourism , and promote the continuation and sublimation of jinggangshan spirits , the long march spirits , yan'an spirits , and xibaipo spirits in the new epoch .
during the event , jiangxi will hold a variety of promotional theme activities in provinces and cities along the way and at sites where major incidents happened along the red army 's long march route . it will hold events in jinggangshan such as china 's red tourism summit forum and a commemoration for the 77th anniversary of the founding of the jinggangshan revolutionary base .
it is learned that jiangxi is abundant in red tourism resources , including nanchang " the birth place of the people 's army " , jinggangshan " the cradle of revolution " , ruijin " the cradle of the republic " , and anyuan " the cradle of chinese workers ' movements " .
( sports ) liverpool led by benitez targeting english premiership title
london , august 9 ( xinhua ) a new season of the english premier league will kick off next week .
although strong teams such as arsenal , manchester united , and chelsea are all eyeing the laurel covetously , the coming of the spanish coach benitez has doubled liverpool 's confidence of winning the title .
liverpool 's former coach , frenchman houllier failed to instill vigor into this traditionally powerful team . it was astonishing that the " reds " lagged behind arsenal , the champion , by 30 points at the end of english premiership last season , which led to the dismissal of houllier .
now benitez , who led valencia to win the double titles of last season 's spanish primera division and the uefa cup , brings hope to liverpool .
after a series of warm-up matches , the liverpool fans feel their invincible " reds " of the old time have come back .
liverpool played smooth attack-dominated football at the champions world series , which could greatly please the liverpool fans who loved the team in the 1970s-80s that owned keegan , rush and dalglish .
benitez said , " i have my own ideas , and my ideas are very close to those of liverpool 's supporters . "
everyone hopes that we play real fast and with unsurpassable morale .
the fans hope to see a football team that plays vigorously and aggressively .
this is actually the kind of football my players want to play as well . "
" more control time and oppressing the opponents are our football philosophy , but it varies depending on different opponents , " benitez added .
french striker cisse 's joining will add to the confidence of benitez . the player signed by houllier during his service was transferred to the " reds " from french le championnat 's auxerre club at 14-million , which was record-setting for liverpool .
the extremely fast cisse scored two goals alone in a warm-up match with the celtic , demonstrating excellent state .
( international ) taliban dissidents to create new group , discontent with omar
kabul , august 9 ( xinhua ) a top commander of afghanistan 's taliban group said on the 9th that some taliban members had broken away from taliban out of discontentment with the leadership of the group 's founder and leader mohammad omar .
sabir momin , taliban 's deputy commander for military operations in southern afghanistan , said about one third of taliban fighters created a new group out of discontentment with omar 's leadership .
the leader of the new group is 45-year-old syed mohammad akbar aga , who , like omar , is from the western afghan city of kandahar .
however , momin did not disclose how many militants there were in the taliban .
momin said the breakaway was a final result of internal differences and poor leadership of the current commanders .
the breakaway happened during a two-week meeting held in southern afghanistan for senior commanders and leaders .
also according to mullah manzoor , a spokesman for the new group , omar has lost control of the senior military commanders .
he added , " the objective of our group is to strengthen ' jihad ' rather than weaken it .
. . . . . . more groups will be formed . our aim is ' jihad ' . the ' jihad ' will not stop as long as us troops remain in afghanistan . "
but a loyal supporter of omar denied the news of taliban 's split-up .
he said the taliban remained intact , and " they ( those broke away ) basically do n't belong to the taliban , and all taliban members are under the leadership of mohammad omar . "
( international ) british scientists propose new hypothesis for planet formation
london , august 9 , xinhua ( reporter cao lijun ) astronomers have discovered more than a-hundred planets in galaxies outside the solar system over the past decade .
latest studies by british scientists suggest the formation of these planets may be different from that of the earth and other planets in the solar system , based on which they believe the traditional hypothesis for planet formation may not be perfect .
the traditional hypothesis for planet formation , which is summarized on the solar system , believes that the dust in a mass of gas around a star gradually clumps together into rocks , which eventually become planetary cores . the cores then attract gaseous atmospheres .
according to a report in the latest issue of the british new scientist magazine , scientists at the university of leicester in britain found that this hypothesis could not fully explain the formation of the extrasolar planets that were discovered in recent years .
these planets are much heavier than jupiter , but they orbit closer to their star than does the earth to the sun .
according to the traditional theory of planet formation , these planets would have " slumped into " the star under the effect of gravity .
in addition , the orbits of the planets tend to be elliptical , while planets such as the earth have more circular orbits .
researchers presume that the formation of the solar system planets may not be typical , and extrasolar planets may be formed when the dusty mass around stars become unstable and suddenly disintegrate into fragments .
individual fragments continue to collapse under their own weight to form planets .
the scientists responsible for the research said in an interview that the solar system might be a unique planetary system in the milky way galaxy .
however , experts noted at the same time that due to the limitation of the means of astronomical observation , it was impossible to make a conclusion on this issue at present .
it still takes a longer period of observation to figure out whether or not the solar system planets are formed in an exceptional process .
( international ) el salvador steps up security measures against attacks of extremist groups
san salvador , august 9 ( xinhua ) the salvadoran government took measures on the 9th to reinforce security guard at important facilities within the country including the airports to prevent terrorist attacks by extremist groups due to el salvador 's dispatch of troops to iraq .
the " mohammed atta brigade " claiming to be associated with the " al-qaeda " group threatened the other day through an arabic website that they would stage attacks " in el salvador " if el salvador were to send new troops to iraq .
salvadoran president antonio saca told a press conference on the 9th that though it was impossible to verify if the message was true , the government had duties to reinforce security measures at borders , airports , customs and immigration offices .
he also stressed el salvador would not cower away in the face of terrorist threats .
saca said el salvador 's intelligence agency had started to investigate some suspects .
defense minister romero said the military was stepping up border inspection and control from the three aspects of land , sea and air to prevent infiltration of incomers .
el salvador sent its first , a 360-strong contingent to iraq a year ago and will send its third military contingent to iraq on the 17th of this month to replace the second contingent that has completed its stay .
the third contingent to iraq has 380 troops , consisting of the marine corps officers and soldiers , engineers and demolition experts on a six-month assignment .
the five countries of el salvador , spain , honduras , nicaragua , and dominican republic formed a coalition that took part in the rebuilding of iraq .
currently el salvador is the only one of the five countries that continues to send troops to iraq .
( international ) georgian president said georgia would not harm russian tourists
moscow , august 10 , xinhua ( reporter zhang jinhai ) news from tbilisi : georgian president saakashvili told a news conference in tbilisi on late the 9th that georgia had no intention to harm russian tourists but would stop incidents destructing georgia 's maritime border .
when asked about russian tourists traveling to abkhazia for vacations from russian coastal city sochi by boat , saakashvili said georgia had never planned to use force on civilians and tourists .
but he noted at the same time that georgian coast guard had been authorized to stop activities destructing georgia 's maritime border .
saakashvili added that he hoped georgia and russia could hold talks as soon as possible to eliminate continuous provocations at the border over the past weeks .
he said georgia was able to defend its borders but hoped to resolve all issues through " political means " .
abkhazia and south ossetia are respectively georgia 's autonomous republic and autonomous state , both bordering and having close ties with russia .
abkhazia and south ossetia each declared independence after the disintegration of the former soviet union .
since late may this year , when president saakashvili who regards restoration of the nation 's territorial integrity as the top priority , put resolving the south ossetia issue on the agenda , disputes and frictions has been intensifying between georgia and russia over south ossetia .
saakashvili announced on the 3rd of this month that he had already ordered to shoot any foreign vessels that would enter sokhumi without consent , and cruisers taking russian tourists from sochi to abkhazia were no exception .
the relationship between georgia and russia became increasingly strained due to his such comments and some incidents afterwards including attacks on a russian motorcade in the conflicted region in south ossetia and georgia 's protest against russian planes infringing its airspace .
to ease the tension , saakashvili said the above on late the 9th , and georgian defense minister baramidze and minister for conflict settlements khaindrava arrived in moscow on the same day for a 3-day working visit in russia .
( international ) five illegal immigrants die when sneaking into the us
washington , august 9 ( xinhua ) according to local media reports , five people died and one missing when a group of illegal immigrants bogged down in trying to cross into southern arizona 's desert in the us .
the us border authority is still searching the missing person .
reports said that it was the deadliest case of illegal immigration in the border region between the us state of arizona and mexico since may 2001 .
andy adame , a spokesman at the border patrol 's tucson sector at the arizona-mexico border , expressed the hope that the missing person was still alive .
adame said ten illegal immigrants were entrapped in the desert after they crossed into the us on the 8th . the temperature at that time was as high as 37 degrees celsius , and only four of them survived .
one of the survivors , a mexican man , was found by the us when he sought help at a ranch 120km from the border .
the us border patrol immediately set out and found four dead bodies of the illegal immigrants a few hours later . another person stopped breathing on the way to the hospital .
two of the five dead people were women .
adame said it was not known how long these people stayed in the desert or which countries they were from , except the mexican who sought help .
the desert area in the us state of arizona bordering mexico is the busiest strip for illegal entry activities .
according to statistics , 154 died while sneaking into the us from there between october 1 , 2002 and september 30 , 2003 , most of them succumbing to the desert heat .
more than 115 illegal immigrants have lost their lives in trying to cross the border illegally since october 1 last year .
( hong kong , macau , taiwan ) hong kong has sound environment for developing e-business
hong kong , august 10 ( xinhua ) according to news from the information services department of the hong kong sar government , mak hung sung , hong kong 's acting government chief information officer said in guangzhou on the 10th while attending the china high-level forum of urban informatization during " the fourth china-guang zhou international information industry week " , that hong kong had created a sound environment favorable for e-business development , including excellent telecommunications infrastructures , a clear legal framework - - the electronic transaction ordinance , and a common chinese language interface .
mak hung sung said that with the opening up of hong kong 's telecommunications market , the broadband network covered all commercial buildings and almost all residential housing , external telecommunications capacity was the highest in asia , 3g mobile communications services had been introduced this year , and there were already over ten-million octopus cards in circulation .
personal computers and internet in hong kong are increasingly popularized .
figures in 2003 suggested that the personal computer penetration among hong kong households were 68 percent , and families with internet connection accounted for 60 percent of all the households in hong kong .
as for industrial and commercial organizations , 55 percent of the businesses in hong kong had personal computers , and 48 percent of them were connected to the internet .
as of may this year , the mobile phone penetration was more than 110 percent , indicating some citizens had more than one mobile phone account .
hong kong developed the electronic transaction ordinance in january 2000 , which set a clear legal framework for e-commerce .
the ordinance grants electronic records and digital signatures equal legal status to written records and signatures , and sets up a mechanism to approve certification authorities and digital certificates that meet the government 's requirements .
in order to adapt to the new situation , the sar government reviewed and amended the electronic transaction ordinance this year , and the revised electronic transactions ( amendment ) ordinance took effect on june 30 this year .
to make electronic communications of the chinese language more accurate , the sar government developed a set of open and common chinese language interface for hong kong .
the interface features the international organization for standardization ( iso ) 10646 international encoding standard .
saic plans to rank top ten among global car makers in six years
shanghai , august 10 , xinhua ( reporter gao lu and jiang wei ) shanghai automotive industry corporation , which recently made its debut in the fortune 's global 500 , unveiled its plan for future development on the 10th , that is to boost sedan production capabilities to 2-million vehicles and realize annual sales rmb 400-billion yuan by 2010 , maintaining its no . 1 position in both production and sales domestically and striving to rank top 10 among world car makers .
the correspondent got the news from " the first china automobile summit jiading automobile forum " being held here .
vice president of saic , xiao guopu , believes that ranking among the top 500 is only the first step of a " long march " , and in the future saic will expand by mainly revolving its four core businesses , namely whole car manufacturing , key parts , proprietary products , and trade in services , so as to " rebuild preemptive advantages at a new start , maintain the lead and create a ' century-old shop ' . "
" proprietary products r &amp; amp ; d " is the core competence of chinese car makers and the top priority for the future development of the saic .
after gaining the acquisition right for korea 's ssangyong not long ago , saic will vigorously explore proprietary research and development , further advance international merger projects , and rapidly establish and improve a system for developing , manufacturing , marketing , servicing and managing proprietary brands .
( sports ) sun shengwei : wind and heat becoming the biggest enemy for trap and skeet shooters
athens , august 10 , xinhua ( reporters gao peng and xu zheng ) chinese shooting coach sun shengwei said here on the 10th that wind and heat would become the biggest obstacle for trap and skeet shooters to achieve good results in the athens olympics .
the markopoulo shooting center , which is to hold the olympic shooting competitions , is built on a small hillside on the outskirts of athens .
the wind there is very strong as the trap and skeet shooting range is built in an open space .
according to sun shengwei , the wind may be as strong as 6 or 7 force on the beaufort scale .
sun shengwei said , " trap and skeet is an outdoor event , which is vulnerable to the climate . "
the track of a target changes significantly with big winds .
the wind in athens is quite strong , and this may greatly affect the athletes ' good performance . "
besides the big winds , the heat in athens is also an adverse factor for the athletes .
sun shengwei said , " for the past couple of days , daytime high in athens was 35 degrees . "
the shooting competitions all take place in the daytime , so trap and skeet shooters have to endure the scorching sun . "
the chinese shooting team found winds at the markopoulo shooting center was extremely strong as early as april this year when the team took part in the world cup in athens .
the chinese shooting team went to yantai in june for adaptive training specially for this reason .
but sun shengwei said the result of the training in yantai was not ideal .
he said , " the winds in yantai were indeed big , but still a bit smaller than in athens .
in addition , since yantai is close to the coast , the highest temperature was only 26 or 27 degrees , which was quite different from the daytime temperature of 35 degrees here . "
however , sun shengwei feels that the trap and skeet shooting range now has improved a lot compared with what it was at the markopoulo shooting center in april .
he said , " when we came for the world cup in april this year , the ground in the shooting range was totally bare , but now it is covered with lawns .
and the hillside beyond the shooting range is also covered with a layer of green cloth .
this way , the athletes ' background horizon will be more monotonous , which helps them capture the targets . "
( international ) popular science : south african scientists unveil the mystery of fatigue
beijing , august 11 ( xinhua ) research by south african scientists suggests that the feeling of fatigue is originated from stimulations on the brain by a chemical called interleukin-6 ( il-6 ) .
the discovery could help find treatments for diseases such as the chronic fatigue syndrome .
according to a report in the latest issue of the british new scientist magazine , it 's commonly believed that fatigue is the result of overworked muscles not able to function normally .
but more and more evidence shows that before muscles are overworked , the brain will issue " instructions " and make a person feel weary to prevent muscles from being damaged by too much exercise .
scientists at the university of cape town in south africa found il-6 is a multifunctional cell factor that plays an important role in the body 's immune system .
the il-6 level in human 's blood will increase to 60 to 100 times of the normal level after prolonged exercise .
injecting il-6 into a healthy person makes him  her feel weary .
scientists conducted an experiment on seven athletes .
one group was injected with il-6 and the other group with placebo before they run 10,000 meters . then their results of the long-distance running were recorded .
a week later , the experiment was performed again after reversing the two groups .
the results show that after receiving il-6 , the athletes ran about a minute slower on average than those injected with placebo .
in 10,000-meter running , one minute is quite significant difference .
researchers say some athletes may feel extremely tired in a certain period time and unable to perform normally , and this may be associated with too much il-6 in the body .
using an antibody to block the functions of il-6 may be able to reduce fatigue and alleviate the symptoms of relevant diseases .
however , experts also point out that as il-6 also has many other physiological functions , blocking its functions may have negative impacts , so careful experiments are needed before the method of il-6 suppression is put to practice .
( international ) kuwait 's supreme oil council approves draft plan for northern oilfields development
kuwait , august 11 , xinhua ( reporter an jiang ) according to media reports here on the 11th , kuwait 's supreme oil council , headed by kuwaiti prime minister sabah , discussed the economic pattern of kuwait 's northern oilfields development and approved a draft agreement on the development mechanism in a meeting on the 10th .
a senior source of kuwait 's oil industry disclosed that the supreme oil council also discussed and approved the financial investment strategy of the kuwait oil company .
the source said the approval of the draft plan for northern oilfields development indicated an important step towards formal implementation of the plan .
the plan will be submitted to kuwait 's cabinet for discussion in the near future and can only formally take effect following the parliamentary approval .
it is said that conditions of oil exploitation and production at kuwait 's northern oilfields are relatively poor , which need the support of a great amount of advanced technologies . the kuwaiti government created the oilfields development plan with an aim to increase the daily output at oilfields in that region from the current 400,000 barrels a day to 900,000 barrels .
total investment for the plan will be 7-billion us dollars .
kuwait is an important member in the organization of the petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) . with proved crude oil reserves of 96.8 billion barrels , it ranks no . 4 in the world .
kuwait 's crude oil output reached 2.35-million barrels a day in june this year , already hitting its current limit of production capabilities . it will also strive to increase daily output to 2.80-million barrels by the end of this year .
in order to further enhance its capabilities of crude oil production and export , the kuwait oil company drew up a long-term development strategy aimed at increasing crude oil daily output capabilities year by year and striving to reach 3-million barrels by 2005 , 3.5-million barrels by 2015 , and 4-million barrels by 2020 .
for that purpose , the kuwait oil company plans to gradually reduce oil output at oilfields in the southeast where oil exploitation is easier , while at the same time increase technological and financial input at oilfields in the north and west where conditions of exploitation are harsher .
more than 50 flights delayed on the 10th at xi'an xianyang international airport
xi'an , august 11 , xinhua ( liu yi ) some inbound and outbound flights were delayed at xi'an xianyang international airport due to bad weather on the morning of the 10th , and over 2,000 passengers in total were held up on that day .
the correspondent rushed to xi'an xianyang international airport for an interview on the afternoon of the 10th .
a passenger surnamed jiang said his flight hu7871 flied to xi'an from xining , on which over 20 passengers planned to transfer to another flight for chongqing .
the plane landed temporarily in lanzhou due to bad weather at the airport and only arrived in xi'an at 12:40pm .
when they were going through the formalities for transferring , they were told by the civil aviation staff that their flight had departed at 12:45 .
this part of passengers thought hainan airlines ' staff did n't display a positive attitude when they were making inquiries , which resulted in a row .
a ticket office director of the hainan airlines at xi'an xianyang international airport said in the interview that the delay of flight hu7871 was caused by the weather condition . when they explained to the passengers , a passenger , being extremely impetuous , threw some promotional materials on the face of a staff member , and a male passenger smashed a special civil aviation walkie-talkie .
hu7871 was not the only flight delayed on that day . over 50 flights were delayed at the airport due to bad weather , which was the most serious case of delay at xi'an xianyang international airport of inbound and outbound flights due to the weather condition since the beginning of summer .
it is said there was one hour of heavy rainfall over the airport between 8:00-9:00am on the 10th , accompanied by thunderstorm and strong wind . it was impossible to guarantee normal taking off and landing of flights with such weather . affected by this , over 2,000 passengers in total were held up on that day .
a person in charge said because of the heavy rainfall , all 19 outbound flights to cities such as beijing , shanghai and shenzhen could not depart the airport as usual , and more than 30 inbound flights arrived behind schedule to a varying extent .
the rain did not weaken until after 9:10 , when outbound flights gradually came back to normal and inbound flights began to arrive at the airport one after another .
tc-2 satellite enters in-orbit test phase
beijing , august 11 , xinhua ( reporter wang yu ) sun laiyan , deputy director of the commission of science technology and industry for national defense and director of the china national space administration , told a press conference here on the 11th that all instruments onboard the tc-2 satellite which was launched on july 25 were working normally in stable positions and had successfully entered the in-orbit test phase .
sun laiyan said the satellite had successfully completed position and orbit tests , lever extension , nutation control and satellite time service operations , with all movement instructions carried out correctly and instruments working normally .
seven of the eight live loads on the satellite are switched on ( all five live loads from the chinese side have started up ) for in-orbit test , and the remaining one will start up in the near future .
the smooth execution of the double star program laid a foundation for further cooperation between the chinese and european aerospace communities .
sun laiyan disclosed that with the upcoming visit by officials from the european space agency towards the end of the year , china national space administration and european space agency will conduct more in-depth cooperation in areas such as space technology , space applications and space science .
( olympics ) the last contingent of chinese hong kong delegation arrives in athens
athens , august 12 , xinhua ( liang jinxiong and qu beilin ) the last contingent of the chinese hong kong sports delegation for the athens olympics landed in athens on the morning of the 12th local time .
the contingent includes 8 table tennis players , 7 swimmers and 3 fencers . of them , the men 's doubles event of the table tennis team is hopeful to snatch a medal for hong kong .
before that , the chinese hong kong delegation 's badminton , shooting and bicycle teams have already arrived in athens in advance and been in early adaptive training , including badminton women 's single seed wang chen and the famous cyclist wong kam po .
lee lai shan , the female windsurfer who won the only olympic gold medal in hong kong 's history in the atlanta olympics eight years ago , arrived in europe for pre-olympics training in july .
she said this was the most well-prepared one of the four olympic games she attended .
but she did n't set a clear ranking for herself , saying " i participate in the olympics more in the hope of enjoying the fun that competitions bring to me . "
the head of the chinese hong kong sports delegation fok tsun ting said hong kong sent some young athletes to this year 's olympics , and it was hoped that through the honing of this year 's olympics , they could have outstanding performances in the beijing olympics four years later .
he said lee lai shan 's participation in the olympics was more significant in terms of serving as a role model for young athletes .
in the athens olympics , the chinese hong kong sports delegation will compete in 10 events of the 28 sports , of which hong kong athletes are new comers to the fencing and triathlon events . there are 33 athletes taking part in the competitions .
cyts and us cendant group establish joint venture in china
beijing , august 12 ( reporter qian chunxian ) china cyts tours holding co . , ltd . and us cendant travel distribution services announced on the 12th that they would establish a joint venture in china , in which the cendant travel distribution services would hold 40 percent of the shares .
the online travel service company will provide services such as booking hotels and air tickets and organizing overseas and domestic tours .
cyts holding 's ceo jiang jianning says as china 's economy develops , facilitated individual travel is becoming increasingly popular and they often want to decide their own leisure or business itineraries .
the cooperation with the cendant travel distribution services could offer individual travelers a reliable channel of making choices .
cendant travel distribution services chairman and ceo sam katz says china is a large tourism market with tremendous development potentials .
with the sales activities of cendant 's worldwide travel agents and its online marketing services and cyts 's experience in the local market , the joint venture will be able to provide timely travel products and services to outbound and inbound travelers on business or for leisure .
established in 1980 and listed on the shainghai stock exchange in 1997 , cyts is one of the top three tourism groups in china .
the company has set up nearly 350 offices and branches across the country , specializing in hotel management , transportation services , tourism , restaurants and cafes , real estate , and trade .
the new york-based cendant travel distribution services is a world renowned travel company , with business covering worldwide hotels booking , online travel agency , tourism technology and software .
( international ) the security council decides to extend the us assistance mission in iraq for one year
united nations , august 12 , xinhua ( reporter yang zhiwang ) the un security council unanimously adopted resolution 1557 on the 12th , deciding to extend the mandate of the un assistance mission in iraq for one year to august 12 next year .
the resolution reaffirmed respect for iraq 's independence , sovereignty , unification and territorial integrity , and stressed that the un should play a leading role in the process of assisting the iraqi people and the interim government in the formation of a representative government .
the resolution prescribed that if requested by the iraqi government , the security council would like to review the mandate of the un assistance mission earlier than august 12 next year .
the security council passed the us-britain draft resolution based on annan 's proposal .
annan submitted a report to the security council last week , suggesting the security council to extend the mandate of the un assistance mission , so that it could complete the mission assigned by the security council to help iraq with political reconstruction .
the un special envoy for iraq qazi will go to iraq 's capital baghdad heading a small team this week to attend iraq 's 1,000-member national political conference .
but annan also said it was hard for the un staff to return to the country in large numbers before the security situation in iraq improved .
the security council adopted a resolution in august last year to establish the un assistance mission in iraq .
but on the 19th of the same month , the un office in baghdad was attacked by car bombs that killed 22 people , including the then un special envoy for iraq de mello .
annan ordered un staff to evacuate from iraq two months later .
most members of the mission are currently based in jordan 's capital amman .
mount wutai to hold the first international buddhist cultural festival
taiyuan , august 13 , xinhua ( gao fengyi and meng hui ) the buddhist sanctum mount wutai will soon hold the first international buddhist cultural festival and present a series of colorful buddhist and cultural activities .
it is said that this year 's buddhist cultural festival will open on august 16 for a period of one month to replace the former annual " china mount wutai international tourism month " .
the major event of the cultural festival have six parts : the opening ceremony , a buddhist art gallery , an international buddhist culture and art forum , buddhism lectures , buddhist art activities , chinese rites praying for blessings , and the closing ceremony .
on the opening ceremony , apart from a grand rite for welfare and auspice , and a buddhist art show given by domestic and overseas performers , entertainers such as guo lanying , ma yutao and qi qin will be invited to perform .
mount wutai is renowned worldwide for its buddhist culture of a long tradition , unsurpassable exquisite ancient architectural art , as well as the magical and beautiful natural scenery . it has been nearly 2,000 years since temple construction started in the 11th year of yongping , donghan dynasty ( ad 68 ) . it has developed into the world 's only buddhist center where the blue buddhism ( chinese buddhism ) and yellow buddhism ( lamaism ) coexist on one mountain and deliver sermons together .
mount wutai still maintains 47 sites of temples spanning seven dynasties including tang , song and yuan .
( newspaper clippings ) a guangzhou girl torn apart in traffic accident miraculously survived after emergency treatment
guangzhou , august 13 ( xinhua ) xiaoyu , an 11-year-old girl , was unfortunately involved in a traffic accident the other day , when two vehicles , one on the left and on the right , " tore " her apart , leaving her lower body , pelvis , intestinal tract and abdomen torn into a bloody mess .
after dedicated emergency treatment by several dozens of doctors and nurses at the guangzhou no . 1 people 's hospital , xiaoyu miraculously came through the 14-day critical period .
xiaoyu has been transferred to a general ward from the intensive care center .
according to a report by the guangzhou daily , when xiaoyu , sitting on her father 's motorbike , was passing by a stone bridge in gaojiang county , baiyun district at noon on july 14 , a large wagon rushed towards them . xiaoyu 's right leg was struck between the motorbike and a bridge pier , while her left leg was pegged onto the wagon .
as a result , the two vehicles , one on the left and one on the right , " tore " xiaoyu apart by force .
xiaoyu was rushed to the guangzhou no . 1 people 's hospital for emergency treatment .
while being treated in the intensive care center , xiaoyu miraculously came through all the fatal difficulties after 14 days of closely monitored treatment .
though xiaoyu 's life was saved , awaiting her are numerous orthopedic operations , huge medical expenses , and a hard life .
xiaoyu 's operation costs are expected at about 200,000 yuan and so far the emergency treatment alone has used more than 80,000 yuan .
xiaoyu 's family has sold all their houses and farmlands , while the money they 've got is only enough for one more operation for xiaoyu at most .
it is learned that the guangzhou no . 1 people 's hospital has waived 20,000 yuan for xiaoyu and called for the entire staff to aid this ill-fated girl .
the hospital has received 20,000 yuan donations by now .
( international ) iraq 's anti-us faction leader sadr proposes ceasefire conditions
baghdad , august 13 , xinhua ( reporters li liangyong and nie xiaoyang ) a spokesman for sadr , an iraqi shiite muslim leader of an anti-us faction , said on the 13th that sadr had proposed ten conditions for a ceasefire with the us troops .
he said if the conditions are met , sadr 's private militia the " mahdi army " would pull out from the holy shiite city of najaf in central-southern iraq .
sadr 's spokesman ali al-sumeisim told a news conference in najaf on the same day that if the multinational forces , the iraqi police and soldiers left najaf and the local religious authority agreed to take responsibility for the security of najaf city , sadr 's " mahdi army " would consider pulling out from najaf .
sumeisim added that the ceasefire conditions proposed by sadr also included recognition of the legitimate status of the " mahdi army " by relevant parties , allowing its members to carry weapons for self-defense , and releasing all the jailed rebels and granting them amnesty .
and according to news from the iraqi defense ministry and the interior ministry , officials from the interim iraqi government have been in contact and ceasefire talks with sadr 's representatives from the night of the 12th , and the talks are still in progress .
the 13th is the 9th day of massive clashes between the us troops in iraq and sadr 's supporters .
since the clashes erupted on august 5 in iraq 's shiite muslim hubs , hundreds of iraqis have been killed by the us troops .
sadr 's spokesman said on the 13th that sadr was wounded in a us military operation on najaf in the predawn hours of that day .
( international ) un special envoy arrives in iraq for the 1000-member national political conference
baghdad , august 13 ( xinhua ) the new un special representative for iraq qazi arrived in baghdad on the 13th to attend iraq 's 1,000-member national political conference due on the 15th .
this is the first visit by an un official since the un staff evacuated from iraq last year .
qazi 's spokesman said on the same day that qazi , accompanied by a small team of staff , met with the interim iraqi prime minister allawi and president yawar .
qazi reiterated in the meeting that the united nations hoped to resolve the conflicts in najaf between the us troops and iraqi militants by peaceful means .
the spokesman also said interim iraqi prime minister allawi extended welcome to qazi for his visit .
allawi said that iraq needed the help of the un both " politically and economically . "
regarding the 1,000-member national political conference to be held on the 15th , qazi noted in a statement that the 1,000-member national political conference " should try its best reflect iraqi people 's aspirations to ensure the credibility among the iraqi people of the interim national assembly chosen by the conference . "
it is said that iraq 's 1,000-member national political conference will choose 100 persons from the 1,000 participants to form an interim national assembly , which is responsible for monitoring the interim iraqi government before the general election in 2005 .
un secretary general annan said earlier that qazi would travel to iraq heading a small team of un staff by the 15th of this month to attend the 1,000-member national political conference and to resume the un 's mission in iraq .
( international ) annan urges conflicting parties in iraq to show restraint
united nations , august 13 , xinhua ( reporter yang zhiwang ) un secretary general annan issued a statement through his spokesman on the 13th , expressing " deep sadness " over the worsening of violent activities in iraq , especially in the holy city of najaf , and calling on all conflicting parties including the us troops in iraq to show utmost restraint under the current circumstances .
annan said in the statement that he was deeply concerned about reports on iraqi shiite cleric sadr 's injury in the clashes .
he said he had made clear his position earlier on the clashes in iraq that force should always be a last resort .
the united nations is always dedicated to the principle of the peaceful settlement of disputes .
annan noted that stability in iraq ought to be sought through such means as dialog , reconciliation and negotiation rather than violence .
he said the united nations would continue to do everything possible to help the iraqi people reach the widest consensus on the country 's future , so that the political transition in iraq could go on peacefully .
if the conflicting parties believe un 's intervention would help end the current clashes , the united nations stands ready to play a role for that purpose .
annan said at last that the entire international community wanted iraq to become a civil society based on the rule of law , and dismantling of all militia forces in iraq would be an important step towards that direction .
it is reported that armed conflicts in najaf continued on the 13th between the supporters of sadr , an iraqi shiite leader of an anti-us faction , and the us-led multinational forces in iraq .
iraqi anti-us militants and civilians suffered severe casualties under the furious bombings of the us troops over the past nine days , and sadr himself was also wounded in a bombing in the predawn hours on the 13th .
the us military said they had killed 360 supporters of sadr so far .
( international ) " chinese art week " opens in canadian capital ottawa
ottawa , august 13 , xinhua ( reporter hu guangyao ) the " chinese art week " opened gorgeously in the canadian capital of ottawa late the 13th .
chinese artists presented the first big art show in the same evening at ottawa 's " central theatre . "
on the opening ceremony of the " chinese art week " before the show , li mu , the head of the chinese artistic delegation and vice president of the china federation of literary and art circles said in a speech that the " chinese art week " put together by the cflac , the entrepreneurs association in ottawa , the canadian health times , the china news and the canadian maple bridge business group would definitely further strengthen cultural exchanges between china and canada , as well as the traditional friendship between the two peoples .
canadian prime minister paul martin sent a congratulatory message to the " chinese art week . "
" the chinese arts gala will offer us an excellent opportunity to enjoy the chinese culture and wisdom , " he said in the congratulatory message .
well-known artists from nine chinese artistic groups including the central conservatory of music , beijing opera and dance drama theatre and china broadcasting chinese orchestra took part in the first show .
the audience were enthralled by their classic vocal solo , hu qin solo , and dance performances .
there were waves of cheering and applause in the theater .
during the 14-day " chinese art week " , the chinese artists will give shows in cities such as ottawa , montreal , toronto and vancouver .
ceramics arts exhibitions will also be held in these cities during the art week .
chinese-korean " ethnic image art exhibition " unveils in kunming
kunming , august 14 , xinhua ( reporter liu juan ) traditional korean court costumes and accessories , traditional dyeing , chinese folk paper-cuts , embroideries , miniature sculptures and guard-paintings . . . . . . as exhibits of the chinese-korean " ethnic image art exhibition " , these valuable " carriers " of the ethnic cultures are on display in kunming museum , yunnan province from the 14th to the 16th .
the chinese-korean " ethnic image art exhibition " showcases more than 120 artworks .
quite a few visitors are attracted by artworks such as traditional korean court costumes and accessories , embroideries , dyeing , grass weaving , raden , kozogami , folk paintings , and masks .
more than ten people including kim tae-ja , a prestigious master of embroidery , which is an intangible cultural property in the capital of the republic of korea , presented a live demonstration of crafts such as traditional weaving , folk painting , embroidery , dyeing , raden and woodenware .
the highlights of the exhibition 's chinese part are some photographs of the 500 arhats in kunming 's qiongzhu temple skillfully taken by chinese photographer zhang yuebing
the photographs vividly and accurately reproduced the master sculptors ' comprehension and understanding about the 500 arhats , making the visitors linger in front .
in addition , visitors are also amazed at the no . 1 three-dimensional miniature sculptures - the miniature works of zhao yiding , as well as the fist calligraphy of bu'ying , an artist of buyi nationality .
director of kunming social sciences institute long donglin says the " ethnic image culture " study is emerging as a new field of research in the international ethnic learning and cultural studies field in recent years .
the " ethnic image culture " studies the traditional shapes and forms of the historical culture of a nationality ( ethnic group ) , including the creation and development processes of a specific image or craft , its workmanship and technical characteristics , outer shapes and patterns , as well as other physical and ideological contents such as an image 's general features , layout , and the culture , religion , political concepts , and aesthetic evaluations contained .
typhoon aere sinks a fishing boat leaving three dead and four missing
hangzhou , august 15 , xinhua ( reporters wang dingchang and zhu liyi ) taizhou flood and draught prevention headquarters in zhejiang province said on the 15th that four people were saved , three killed and four missing onboard the zhejing linhai no . 5310 fishing boat that submerged on the 12th in the attack of typhoon aere .
a fishing boat registered in linhai sent out distress calls off shitang , wenling on august 12 due to the extremely strong winds and waves , upon which fishing boat " zly no . 5310 " on the sea area nearby immediately rushed to the scene for rescue .
at 4:00am , the first fishing boat came through safely , but the propeller of fishing boat " zly no . 5310 " was entangled by its fishing net during its return , so the 11 fishermen on the fishing boat sent out distress calls .
the wenling fishery authority dispatched two vessels and 11 rescue workers to the rescue at 8:00am on the 12th .
though the rescue workers had been close to fishing boat no . 5310 and twice threw ropes onto the boat in danger , the ropes were snapped because of the extremely strong winds and waves .
the entire rescue work lasted until 11:30am . as the winds and waves were getting increasingly stronger , the rescue workers had no choices but to give up the rescue , considering their own safety was not guaranteed .
the authority in wenling asked the china marine rescue center for help immediately after that . a rescue boat named " dhj 179 " from the rescue center arrived at the sea area in shitang at 1:00pm . however , the rescue boat itself faced a severe threat due to poor visibility and overwhelmingly strong winds and waves on the sea , and the fishing boat no . 5310 was gradually going down .
